 Abrir/cerrar la navegaci\xF3n Language Translator Team Contact Policy\ \ Language Translator Team Contact Policy  Select Language Privacy Policy Tick Talk Soft This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII  as used in US privacy law and information security  is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify  contact  or locate a single person  or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect  use  protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.  What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog  website or app?  When ordering or registering on our site  as appropriate  you may be asked to enter your name  email address  mailing address  phone number  social security number  Web search or other details to help you with your experience.  When ordering or registering on our site  as appropriate  you may   be asked to enter your name  email address  mailing address  phone number  social   security number  Web search or other details to help you with your experience.    When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you register on our site  subscribe to a newsletter  fill out a form Dowload App or enter information on our site.  How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect\ \ from you when you register  make a purchase  sign up for our newsletter  respond\ \ to a survey or marketing communication  surf the website  or use certain other\ \ site features in the following ways: \u2022 To personalize user's experience\ \ and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which\ \ you are most interested. \u2022 To improve our website in order to better serve\ \ you. \u2022 To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer\ \ service requests.  How do we protect visitor information? We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.  We do not use Malware Scanning.  We do not use an SSL certificate \u2022 We do not need an SSL because:\ \ The web site contents only information about apps  private policies and cookies.  Do we use 'cookies'? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance  we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity  which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.  Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers   to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables   the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture   and remember certain information.    Do we use 'cookies'?    For instance  we use cookies to help us remember and process the   items in your shopping cart.    They are also used to help us understand your preferences based   on previous or current site activity  which enables us to provide you with improved   services.    We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site   traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and   tools in the future.    Yes.    We use cookies to: \u2022 Keep track of advertisements. \u2022 Compile\ \ aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better\ \ site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use  We use cookies to: \u2022 Keep track of advertisements.    \u2022 Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions\   \ in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.    trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.  You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent  or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different  so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.  Each browser is a little different  so look at your browser's Help   menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.    You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie   is being sent  or you can choose to turn off all cookies.    You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings.    If you disable cookies off  some features will be disabled It won't affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.  If you disable cookies off  some features will be disabled It won't   affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and   some of our services will not function properly.    However  you can still place orders .  Third Party Disclosure Do we disclose the information we collect to Third Parties?  'We sell trade  or otherwise transfer to outside parties your name  address city town  any form or online contact identifier email  name of chat account etc.  screen name or user names  cookie number  ip address device serial #  unique device identifier  others'  'We engage in this practice because : Web search personally identifiable information.'  Third party links Occasionally  at our discretion  we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless  we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.  Google Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.  Google  as a third party vendor  uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.  Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our   users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet.    Google  as a third party vendor  uses cookies to serve ads on our   site.    Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the   Google ad and content network privacy policy.    We have implemented the following: \u2022 Remarketing with Google\ \ AdSense \u2022 Google Display Network Impression Reporting  We along with third-party vendors  such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions  and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.  We along with third-party vendors  such as Google use first-party   cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such   as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile   data regarding user interactions with ad impressions  and other ad service functions   as they relate to our website.    'Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively  you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.'  California Online Privacy Protection Act CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared  and to comply with this policy.  '- See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf According to CalOPPA we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously Once this privacy policy is created  we will add a link to it on our home page  or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.'  Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy'  and can be easily be found on the page specified above.  Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes: \u2022 On our\ \ Privacy Policy Page  Users are able to change their personal information: \u2022 By emailing\ \ us  How does our site handle do not track signals? We honor do not track signals and do not track  plant cookies  or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.  Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking? It's also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking  COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13  the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission  the nation's consumer protection agency  enforces the COPPA Rule  which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.  We do not specifically market to children under 13.  Fair Information Practices The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.  In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take\ \ the following responsive action  should a data breach occur: We will notify\ \ the users via email \u2022 Within 1 business day  We also agree to the individual redress principle  which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users  but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.  CAN SPAM Act The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email  establishes requirements for commercial messages  gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them  and spells out tough penalties for violations.  'We collect your email address in order to: To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails  you can email us at'  'We collect your email address in order to:'    and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.  Using applications cookies On this site device identifiers are used to personalize content and ads  in order to provide social media features and to analyze traffic. We also share these identifiers and other information on your device with our social media partners  advertising and web analytics. Cookies applications are used by Google Admob and Google Analitycs. These cookies or tracking are used to direct more advertising depending on the behaviors and habits of users. Thus  a more effective advertising is achieved. Our applications store an identification number  searches  websites visited  number of visits to the store application  location  time  date  time of the session in the application and number of sessions in the application.  Cookies applications are used by Google Admob and Google Analitycs.    On this site device identifiers are used to personalize content   and ads  in order to provide social media features and to analyze traffic.    Our applications store an identification number  searches  websites   visited  number of visits to the store application  location  time  date  time   of the session in the application and number of sessions in the application.    These cookies or tracking are used to direct more advertising depending   on the behaviors and habits of users.    Thus  a more effective advertising is achieved.    We also share these identifiers and other information on your device   with our social media partners  advertising and web analytics.    'Cooxies applications: On this site device identifiers are used to personalize content and ads  in order to Provide social media features and to analyze traffic. We Also share These identifiers and other information on your device with our social media partners  advertising and web analytics.'  On this site device identifiers are used to personalize content   and ads  in order to Provide social media features and to analyze traffic.    We Also share These identifiers and other information on your device   with our social media partners  advertising and web analytics.    'When you visit a website or use applications That use Google technology  we can make use of the information we Receive Through These websites and applications  for example: Create more effective ads Provide activity reports ads charge advertisers and web sites hosting ads and guarantee payment to the editors of These websites Help owners of applications and websites That use Google Analytics to Understand how users interact With Their sites orapplications Improve your experience on Google+ Detect fraud and other Security Risks and Protect Against Them To Ensure the safety of users and partners Comply with our legal Obligations Improve our products'  'Cooxies Web: This site cookies are used to personalize content and ads  to Provide social media features and to analyze traffic. We Also share information About your use of our website With social media partners  advertising and web analytics'  This site cookies are used to personalize content and ads  to Provide   social media features and to analyze traffic.    Changes to Privacy Policy Any information that we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may  however  revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes may be posted to our blog or within our Apps  so please check that regularly. The most current version will always be posted on our Privacy Policy page.  'Company data: In compliance With article 10 of Law 34/2002  of July 11  services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce (LSSICE) Identifying the details of the company are presented below.'  'Social denomination: INDOTALK  S.L.'  Tax identification number: CIF B93349116 Registered address: ALAMEDA\ \ PRINCIPAL  47  29001  MALAGA Email: INFOTICKSOFT@YAHOO.COM Data entry in the\ \ commercial register: INDOTALK  S.L. NIF B93349116 A company in M\xE1laga (Espa\xF1\ a)  constituted 7 Agoust in the year 2014  by Deed Number 2014/1731  before the\ \ notary Recatala Moles Jose Ram\xF3n from M\xE1laga.  Registered in the Register of M\xE1laga  in volume 5209  page MA-1243889 \ \ section 251  blade 1050  and registration 1/2012/14.923.0.  'Prices and conditions: The price of payment applications are including taxes. Dependien taxes of the country of origin of purchase.'  This website has-been created by the company INDOTALK  S.L.  'For information purposes and personal use of users. Through This legal notice it is Intended to Regulate access and use of this website as well as the relationship Between the website and Its Users. By Accessing This web site the following terms and conditions are accepted: Access to this website is the sole It Responsibility of users.'  Simple access to this website does not imply any commercial relationship Between INDOTALK  S.L.  The access and navigation in this website IMPLIES acceptance and knowledge of legal warnings  conditions and terms of use Contained therein.  The owner of the site May offer services or products That May be subject to some special conditions That  Depending on the case  substitute  complete and / or modify the present conditions  and Which inform the user in each case.  Versi\xF3n para imprimir | Mapa del sitio TICK TALK SOFT INDOTALK \ \ S.L. SPAIN INFOTICKSOFT@YAHOO.COM \xA9 INDOTALK  S.L.  Iniciar sesi\xF3n Cerrar sesi\xF3n | Editar p\xE1gina Original text\ \ Contribute a better translation  