 Skip to main content Toggle navigation Main menu Home Products Partners Press Advertisers Blog Careers About Us  We at Peel Technologies  Inc. (Peel  we  us  our) know that our users (you  your) care about how your personal information is used and shared  and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting or using the www.peel.com website and domain name  and any other linked pages  features  content  mobile applications  or any other services we offer from time to time by in connection therewith (collectively  the Service)  you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy  and you hereby consent that we will collect  use  and share your information in the following ways.  I. WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER? Peel provides a complete end-to-end solution for smartphone/tablet/TV OEM's and wireless operators. This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (Personal Information) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Service. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control  or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.  We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use http://www.peel.com/policies/tou.php). If you are under 13  please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us  including your name  address  telephone number  or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to us or on the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent  we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13  please contact us at privacy@peel.com.  If you are under 13  please do not attempt to register for the   Services or send any information about yourself to us  including your name    address  telephone number  or email address.    We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from   anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the   Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use http://www.peel.com/policies/tou.php).    II. WHAT INFORMATION DOES PEEL COLLECT? We gather various types of Information from our users  as explained more fully below.  'Registration Data: When you register  we ask you to provide certain information  which includes your age  gender  TV service provider  manufacturer of your TV box - and other devices that can be set up through the Service - and zip code (the Registration Data).'  Registration Data: When you register  we ask you to provide certain\   \ information  which includes your age  gender  TV service provider  manufacturer\   \ of your TV box \u2013 and other devices that can be set up through the Service\   \ - and zip code (the \Registration Data\).    'Content Interests: When you use the Service  we keep track of what content you engage with (Content Data).'  'Contact Information: If you choose to participate in certain features and/or rewards offered through the Service  you may provide us  and we may collect  your contact information  including your email address  (Contact Information).'  'Contact Information: If you choose to participate in certain features   and/or rewards offered through the Service  you may provide us  and we may collect    your contact information  including your email address'    'Device Information: If you access the Service from a mobile phone  tablet  or other electronic device  we may collect and store information such as device type  operating system version and type  unique identifiers (such as Android Advertising ID  VIN  MAC address  and IDFA)  location information  content consumed (validated by audio content recognition)  carrier  and other related information for that device (the Device Data).'  If you access the Service from a mobile phone  tablet  or other   electronic device  we may collect and store information such as device type    operating system version and type  unique identifiers (such as Android Advertising   ID  VIN  MAC address  and IDFA)  location information  content consumed (validated   by audio content recognition)  carrier  and other related information for that   device (the Device Data).    III. WHAT DOES PEEL DO WITH THE INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?  'In general  Peel may use your Registration Data and/or other information or data we receive or collect  as well as data we derive or infer from combinations of the foregoing  for a variety of purposes  such as: *To facilitate the creation of and secure your account on the Service.'  'In general  Peel may use your Registration Data and/or other information   or data we receive or collect  as well as data we derive or infer from combinations   of the foregoing  for a variety of purposes  such as:'    '*To customize and personalize the advertising and other content we deliver to you both on the Service and via partners. We use this information to provide you with relevant and interesting advertising and other content.'  To customize and personalize the advertising and other content   we deliver to you both on the Service and via partners.    '*To measure and analyze Service usage and enhance the user experience on our Service. This helps us continue to build a better Service for you.'  '*To send you information that you agreed to receive.'  '*To pay third party fees for the content you see in the app.'  'Email Address: We may work with data partners and advertising platforms to help increase the relevancy of ads we provide to our listeners. In doing so  we may use information representing an encrypted or hashed value derived from information we have received  such as your email address  in connection with these partners and platforms.'  In doing so  we may use information representing an encrypted or   hashed value derived from information we have received  such as your email address    in connection with these partners and platforms.    'The Service may share information we receive or collect in a variety of ways  such as: Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information: We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties other than as described in this policy. However  we may share your information  including personally identifiable information  in order to (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Peel  or the legal rights of our business partners  employees  agents  and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of Peel users or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or to conduct risk management; or (iv) comply with the law  legal process  or legal requests. Additionally  we may share your data  including any personally identifiable information  with our successor in interest in the event of a corporate reorganization  merger  or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.'  'Sharing of Device Data: Peel may share information from devices you use to access the Service with its advertising and other partners. We share this information for a variety of purposes such as advertising frequency capping  tracking advertising conversion events  estimating the number of unique users  security and fraud detection  targeted advertising  debugging problems with the Service  and for providing you with more relevant advertisements.'  Peel may share information from devices you use to access the Service   with its advertising and other partners.    'Sharing of Anonymized  Non-Personally Identifiable or Aggregated Data: Peel may share with third parties  advertisers  and/or business partners anonymized  non-personally identifiable  or aggregated data we receive or collect  such as de-identified Registration Data  Content Data and Device Data. We share such information for a variety of reasons  such as to analyze Service usage  improve the Service  improve the serving of advertisements  or for other purposes. The use and disclosure of such anonymized  non-personally identifiable  or aggregated information is not subject to any restrictions under this policy.'  'Information You Disclose in a Public Profile or in Public Forums: The Peel Service offers publicly accessible and available pages on social media platforms. You should be aware that any information you provide or post in these areas may be read  collected  and used by others who access them. If your profile is public  any information you place in your user profile  including biographical information  the people you are following  and the people whom you allow to follow you  may be read  collected  and used by others who access them. To request removal of such information from our public forums  contact us at privacy@peel.com.'  IV. IS PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT ME SECURE? Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. If you access your account via a third party site or service  you may have additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site or service. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.  If you access your account via a third party site or service  you   may have additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site   or service.    We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records  but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use  hardware or software failure  and other factors  may compromise the security of user information at any time.  The Service may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following a link to another site you should read that site's privacy policy.  V. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS? Through your account settings  you may access  and  in some cases  edit or delete certain information you've provided to us.  The information you can view  update  and delete may change as the Service changes. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you  please contact us at privacy@peel.com.  VI. WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE? You can always opt not to disclose information to use  but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our special features. You may be able to add  update  or delete information as explained in Section V above. When you update information  however  we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your account by sending an email to privacy@peel.com. Please note that some information may remain in our private records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it  but not in a manner that would identify you personally.  You can prevent Peel from showing you targeted ads by sending an email to privacy@peel.com and asking to opt-out of targeted advertising. Opting-out will only prevent targeted ads from being displayed so you may continue to see generic (non-targeted) ads from Peel after you opt-out. For more information on Interest-Based Ads or to stop use of tracking technologies for these purposes  go to www.aboutads.info or www.networkadvertising.org.  For more information on Interest-Based Ads or to stop use of tracking   technologies for these purposes  go to www.aboutads.info or www.networkadvertising.org.    Opting-out will only prevent targeted ads from being displayed   so you may continue to see generic (non-targeted) ads from Peel after you opt-out.    You can prevent Peel from showing you targeted ads by sending an   email to privacy@peel.com and asking to opt-out of targeted advertising.    If you do not wish to receive email or other mail from us  please send an email to privacy@peel.com. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us  such as this Privacy Policy  those legal notices will still govern your use of the Service  and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.  VII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information  we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website after such changes have been first posted.  VIII. QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies  please send us a detailed message via email to privacy@peel.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.  'Effective Date: September 7  2016 Peel About Us Contact Us Careers Products Support Privacy Policy Terms of Use'  Copyright 2016 Peel  