 Smule Smule Listen Songs Apps Blog Get VIP  Smule Log In Upload Home Log In Listen Songs Apps Blog Get VIP About Careers Press Support Contact  'Connect with Smule Smule on Facebook Smule on Twitter Smule on Youtube Smule on Google+ Community Guidelines Terms of Service Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Smule Apps in: iTunes Google Play'  \xA92017 Smule Privacy Policy (Updated September 7  2016) For a prior\ \ version of Smule's Privacy Policy  click here. For a summary of changes  click\ \ here.  Smule  Inc. (Smule or we) is committed to protecting the privacy of users of our applications and websites (you). We have prepared this privacy policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) that we collect from users of our applications and websites (collectively  the Site) and online services (the Services). This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.  By using our Site and our Services you understand and agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection  use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this policy. If you do not agree to this policy  do not install  use  or access our Site or our Services. We may update this policy from time to time and will post updates to this policy on this web page  including the policy's effective date.  A Note to Users Outside of the United States. If you are a non U.S. user of the Site or the Services  by visiting the Site  using the Services and providing us with Personal Data  you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the purposes identified in this privacy policy. In addition  your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries  including the United States  where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your data  you consent to such transfer.  1. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE Personal Data means data that allows someone to identify or contact you  including  for example  your name  address  phone number  email address  as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data  including musical content that you create using our Site and our Services (Content). Aggregate Data means Personal Data that has been combined by or for Smule into anonymous groups of users where the groups are large enough to reasonably prevent individual users from being identified  and Anonymized Data is Personal Data that has been anonymized by or for Smule so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual.  'Personal Data means data that allows someone to identify or   contact you  including  for example  your name  address  phone number  email   address  as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated   with or linked to any of the foregoing data  including musical content that   you create using our Site and our Services (Content).'    2. INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US DIRECTLY Basic account information In order to register for a Smule account on the Site  you are required to provide Smule with certain Personal Data  such as your email address  phone number  username and password. Your user name is listed publicly on the Services  including in search results. We may use your email address and/or phone number to send you information about the Services  provide customer support or to notify you of additional Smule products and services. You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from notifications from Smule.  In order to register for a Smule account on the Site  you are required   to provide Smule with certain Personal Data  such as your email address  phone   number  username and password.    Additional profile information You may also choose to provide Smule with additional Personal Data for your profile  which we will make public (your Public Profile)  such as a picture  your location and an additional blurb about yourself. The information that you provide in your Public Profile will be visible to others  including anonymous visitors to the Site.  You may also choose to provide Smule with additional Personal Data   for your profile  which we will make public (your Public Profile)  such as   a picture  your location and an additional blurb about yourself.    'Information from third party social network accounts If you sign into the Site with a third party social network  such as Facebook Connect  we will collect any information that you have agreed to make available to Smule through such account  which may include: (1) your first and last name  (2) your user ID/URL  (3) your profile picture  (4) your list of friends  (5) your email address and/or phone number  and/or (6) your birthday. This information will be primarily used for user registration and to enhance your social experience on the Site  which may include friend-to-friend interaction and notifications  chat  or messaging functionality  public leaderboards  head-to-head competition and other similar features. If you sign into Smule with a third party social network and agree to make your list of friends on such network available to Smule  your friends on such network will automatically follow you on the Site and your Smule account will be automatically configured to follow your friends. You can  however  unfollow any other user on Smule at any time.'  'If you sign into the Site with a third party social network  such   as Facebook Connect  we will collect any information that you have agreed to   make available to Smule through such account  which may include:'    your birthday.    your email address and/or phone number  and/or    your first and last name     your list of friends     your profile picture     your user ID/URL     Content  following and other public information Smule's Services are designed to help you create and share Content. Most of the information you provide Smule is information you are asking Smule to make public. This includes the Content you create and the metadata associated with it  such as when you created it  the people you follow  the songs you mark as favorites or share  and your comments on Content provided by other users. We will associate this information with your Personal Data and we may use this information and other information that results from your use of the Site and/or Services to customize the content we show you  including ads. When you share information or Content via the Site or the Services  you should think carefully about what you are making public.  Public forums Forums  message boards  blogs and/or news groups may be available to you through the Site and/or the Services. Please remember that any information you post in these areas becomes public information. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public  you may receive unsolicited responses. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any of your personal information in a public forum.  Surveys and contests We sometimes conduct or sponsor surveys and contests. Participation in surveys and contests is completely voluntary. If you elect to participate  we may ask you for contact  demographic  and other information. We use this Personal Data to understand our users and their use of the Site and Services and to improve the Site and Services  and we may provide users with the results of such surveys and contests.  If you elect to participate  we may ask you for contact  demographic    and other information.    Participation in surveys and contests is completely voluntary.    We sometimes conduct or sponsor surveys and contests.    We use this Personal Data to understand our users and their use   of the Site and Services and to improve the Site and Services  and we may provide   users with the results of such surveys and contests.    3. INFORMATION THAT WE GET FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES  Log data and location information When you use the Services  we automatically collect certain log data  including your IP address  browser type  hardware type  unique device ID  the version of your operating system  your activity within the Services  and your location (based on opt-in location-based services  which rely upon a device's GPS coordinates). We use this information to administer  troubleshoot and improve the Services  and to help us understand how you and our other users use the Site and Services. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to Smule's users  which helps us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.  When you use the Services  we automatically collect certain log   data  including your IP address  browser type  hardware type  unique device   ID  the version of your operating system  your activity within the Services    and your location (based on opt-in location-based services  which rely upon   a device's GPS coordinates).    Cookies and similar technologies The Site uses cookies  which deposit certain record keeping information on your computer or mobile device  and other similar technologies  to collect usage data  to keep track of your preferences  to deliver content and advertising specific to your interests and for other similar purposes. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. These cookies can't read other data from your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites or applications. Most browsers are set to accept cookies unless you reconfigure your browser to refuse them or to notify you when you will have received one. If you do not accept cookies  you will not be able to use certain features of the Site and Services. We may also ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices  which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by Smule or such third party. We do not currently respond to do not track signals or other mechanisms that might enable consumers to opt out of tracking on the Site and Services.  Cookies and similar technologies The Site uses cookies  which deposit   certain record keeping information on your computer or mobile device  and other   similar technologies  to collect usage data  to keep track of your preferences    to deliver content and advertising specific to your interests and for other   similar purposes.    If you do not accept cookies  you will not be able to use certain   features of the Site and Services.    Most browsers are set to accept cookies unless you reconfigure   your browser to refuse them or to notify you when you will have received one.    These cookies can't read other data from your hard drive or read   cookie files created by other sites or applications.    We may also ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services   to your devices  which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by Smule   or such third party.    We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your   web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete   them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our   Site.    Third-party platforms and marketplaces Third-party libraries included in Smule's applications collect device information and user activity within the application. Third-party platforms and marketplaces through which Smule's applications are made available may collect information about you  or receive information from Smule  in order to provide or analyze their services. These third-party platforms and marketplaces are neither developed nor administered by us and we are not responsible for the actions of those third parties. You should carefully review the terms of service and privacy policies of any third-party platforms or marketplaces that you use to access Smule's applications.  Google Analytics We use Google Analytics' Demographics and Interest Reporting feature to collect information about use of the Site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the Site  what pages they visit when they do so  and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site. We will not facilitate the merging of your Personal Data with non-personally identifiable information collected through Google Analytics unless we have given you notice of that merger. You may opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.  Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit   the Site  what pages they visit when they do so  and what other sites they used   prior to coming to the Site.    We use Google Analytics' Demographics and Interest Reporting feature   to collect information about use of the Site.    4. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE We do not sell or disclose your Personal Data to unaffiliated third parties except under the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy.  Other users Any information in your Public Profile (e.g.  your username and any profile image  location or additional information that you provide as part of your Public Profile  but not your phone number  or email address) will be accessible by other users of the Site and Services. Content that you create through or upload to the Site or the Services will by default be public and available to users of the Site and the Services. For information about how to change your privacy settings with respect to Content or delete Content from the Site or the Services  see the frequently asked questions at www.smule.com/support. Similarly  if you comment on any Content on the Site or the Services  your comments will be public and available to users of the Site and the Services.  With your consent We may disclose your Personal Data when we have your express permission.  Advertisers and other business partners We may share Anonymized or Aggregated Data about our users or the use of the Site or Services with our advertisers and partners. This means that we may tell our advertisers general information about the characteristics of our user base  but we do not specifically identify a particular user or visitor by name or provide the user's contact information. We may share your unique device ID and/or your location (based on opt-in location-based services  which rely upon a device's GPS coordinates) with third parties  including advertisers and partners  or provide reports to such parties about the number of unique users who saw or clicked on their advertisements. We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information  among other things  allows third-party ad networks to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.  This means that we may tell our advertisers general information   about the characteristics of our user base  but we do not specifically identify   a particular user or visitor by name or provide the user's contact information.    We may share Anonymized or Aggregated Data about our users or the   use of the Site or Services with our advertisers and partners.    We may share your unique device ID and/or your location (based   on opt-in location-based services  which rely upon a device's GPS coordinates)   with third parties  including advertisers and partners  or provide reports to   such parties about the number of unique users who saw or clicked on their advertisements.    Service providers We may disclose your information on a confidential basis to nonaffiliated service providers we engage to perform services for Smule in connection with the Site and our provision of the Services. Information will be shared with such service providers only to the extent reasonably necessary for them to perform such services.  If required by law Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described in Section 7 below)  we may preserve and disclose your information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in connection with any legal investigation  or by law or regulation  including in response to a court order  subpoena or other legal demand or request.  Safety and security Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described in Section 7 below)  we may preserve and disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary to protect the safety of any person  to address fraud  security or technical issues  to protect Smule's rights or property  and/or to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law  this Privacy Policy  or our Terms of Use.  Change of control We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with  or during negotiation of  any merger  financing  acquisition or dissolution  transaction or proceeding involving sale  transfer  divestiture  or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency  bankruptcy  or receivership  Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company  business or assets  that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.  Creation of Anonymous and Aggregated Data We may create Anonymous and/or Aggregated Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous and Aggregated Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation. We reserve the right  in our sole discretion  to use Anonymous and/or Aggregated Data for any purpose and to disclose Anonymous and/or Aggregated Data to third parties for any purpose.  5. SECURITY Our websites have certain security measures in place in effort to protect the loss  misuse  and alteration of the Personal Data under our control. No method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure  however. Therefore  while we use reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data  we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  6. OTHER WEBSITES AND APPLICATIONS The Services contain links to third party websites and applications. When you click on a link to any other website or location  you will leave the Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Data  Anonymous Data  and/or Aggregated Data from you. We have no control over  do not review  and cannot be responsible for  these outside websites or their content. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites or applications. You may wish to review the privacy policies of those websites and applications before use. The links to such websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products  content or websites.  7. CORRECTING AND UPDATING INFORMATION; DELETING YOUR ACCOUNT We offer the ability to correct or update online the Personal Data collected during registration via your account settings on our website or the applicable application or by contacting support via our online support form. You may request deletion of your account by contacting support via our online support form.  8. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY The Site is not directed to persons under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent  please contact us via our online support form. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Data  we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account. About Jobs Press Support Contact  Connect with Smule: Smule on Facebook Smule on Twitter Smule on Youtube\ \ Smule on Google+ Community Guidelines Terms of Service Copyright Policy Privacy\ \ Policy \xA92017 Smule  Inc. All Rights Reserved.  Download Smule apps from iTunes Download Smule apps from Google Play Smule Psst! You need to be logged in to do that...  Oh no! It looks like your cookies are disabled. Please enable them to sign in.  It looks like your cookies are disabled.    Please enable them to sign in.    That link is old. Please authenticate again.  Your password has been successfully updated.  Log in to your Smule account or sign up for a new account.  Phone Number Email Cancel By using this site  you agree to Smule's terms & conditions and privacy policy.  Phone Number Email Cancel By using this site  you agree to Smule's   terms & conditions and privacy policy.    Enter your email address Keep Signed in Forgot password? Next Cancel Enter a password to sign up Send me occasional email updates Sign Up Cancel Go Back Forgot your password? We will send a password reset email to your email address.  Enter your email address Keep Signed in Forgot password?    Next Cancel Enter a password to sign up Send me occasional email   updates Sign Up Cancel Go Back Forgot your password?    We will send a password reset email to your email address.    Send Cancel Create a username Done One last step...  Facebook login requires your email address. This will be associated with your Smule account.  Facebook login requires your email address.    This will be associated with your Smule account.    Let's go New Password Please choose a new password Done Your password has been successfully updated.  Done Your account has been verified. You are now logged in. Thank you.  Continue You still have one more step. you must verify your email account before you can continue.  Send Verification Email Please check your email. Instructions to verify your account have been sent  Please check your email.    Done One more step! Please check your email. Instructions to verify your updated email address have been sent  Instructions to verify your updated email address have been sent    Please check your email.    Thank you! Done Redirecting you to Account Kit phone number login. A new window will pop up.  Don't see anything? Try again.  