 'Privacy Policy Last Updated: February 23  2017.'  Collecting information. As you may know  by creating your account and start using our Mobile Applications (Apps) 1   in addition to collecting the data you deliberately send to us  we also collect and store other information.  As you may know  by creating your account and start using our Mobile   Applications (Apps)  in addition to collecting the data you deliberately send   to us  we also collect and store other information.    Collecting information.    For instance  whenever you access and start to interact with our Apps  we are able to identify your IP address  system configuration  browser type and other sorts of information arising from your device.  For instance  whenever you access and start to interact with our   Apps  we are able to identify your IP address  system configuration  browser   type and other sorts of information arising from your device.    We may aggregate that data in order to improve our Apps and other services we provide  but we will not exploit it commercially or disclose it without your consent  except for third-party service providers in order to enable the existence of our Apps and the provision of our services. Also  we may be forced by governmental bodies to disclose that data  but we will not provide any information unless we shall be required to do so by any applicable law or administrative procedure.  We are compliant with and respect all consumer and privacy rights and we act accordingly to the best practices of data protection. By force of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA)  if we collect information that establishes that you are under 13 years old  we may disclose it to your parents if we are required to do so and restrict your access to our Apps unless we get verifiable consent from any of your parents.  We also take reasonable measures to protect the data we store  receive or send for you  although we are unable to assure you that we are armored against cyber-attacks and other illegal practices. Consequently  while sharing information with us  you consent that you are doing it at your own risk.  Your data is stored on Amazon Web Services  which is ISO-27001 certified and PCI compliant. We apply strict access permissions to our employees and adhere to security best practices. In addition to that and many other security best practices  we conduct frequent reviews to our security policies in an attempt to keep them up-to-date with industry's best practices.  Finally  we note that our Apps are hosted in the United States  but our tech team resides outside of that country  which means that information you share with us shall be transferred to other countries. Please be aware of the privacy protection standards of your country and tell us immediately if you think that the data you share with us may breach the laws of your country.  Miscellaneous. We cannot assure you that the device you use to access our Apps are free of viruses  spams and other kinds of cyber-attacks. Therefore  we are not responsible for the safety of the information you share with external links  web sites and other third parties.  This privacy policy may occasionally be updated by us with prior notice  so be aware about its content and tell us if you have any doubts. Every portion of our Apps  including  but not limited to logos  layouts  texts and features  belong to us  so be aware that we may file a judicial claim against you if you breach any intellectual property rules or international standards (mainly Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights).  For the purposes of this document  every data stored by us is automatically shared with our partners  workers and other people placed at our headquarters  who therefore commit themselves to follow the same confidentiality rules to which we are subject.  1 [Found at https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Best+Cool+and+Fun+Games  https://itunes.apple.com/us/developer/best-free-games-top-apps/id793349881  https://itunes.apple.com/us/developer/gustavo-schvartsman/id487704296]  Collecting information. As you may know  we do not collect the data you deliberately send to us  and we also do not collect and store other information. For instance  whenever you access and start to interact with our Apps  we are not able to identify your IP address  system configuration  browser type or other sorts of information arising from your device.  Collecting information. As you may know  we do not collect the   data you deliberately send to us  and we also do not collect and store other   information. For instance  whenever you access and start to interact with our   Apps  we are not able to identify your IP address  system configuration  browser   type or other sorts of information arising from your device.    