 Toggle navigation QuickPic ChangeLog Download Q&A Info  '--- layout: page --- Privacy Policy 2015-05-22 Privacy Policy Released on May 21  2015 We  Q-Supreme Information Technologies Ltd.  regards your information significant and release this Privacy Statement to inform you what information we collect and how we use it to personalize and continually improve you experience.'  This Privacy Statement applies to q-supreme.com website and its services which collect data from you and does not apply to the product or service that which does not link to this statement or has its privacy statement respectively.  Information We Collect a. Personal Information. We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person  such as your first name and last name  physical addresses  email addresses  telephone  fax  SSN  information stored within your device. b. Non-personal Information. We collect your non-personal information when you visit our website  including your device information  operation system  logs. For example  as many websites  we may use cookies to obtain the above information when your web browser accesses q-supreme.com. c. Information you provide. We may collect your information when you communicate with us or you give us.  'Personal Information is information that identifies you or another   person  such as your first name and last name  physical addresses  email addresses    telephone  fax  SSN  information stored within your device.'    For example  as many websites  we may use cookies to obtain the   above information when your web browser accesses q-supreme.com.    We collect your non-personal information when you visit our website    including your device information  operation system  logs.    We do not collect Personal Information    We do not collect Personal Information.    How We Use Information a. Personal Information. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information. b. Non-Personal Information. We do not sell  trade  or otherwise transfer to outside parties your information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number). c. Legal Reasons We will access  use or disclose your information with other organizations or entities for reasons that required by any applicable law  regulation  legal process or enforceable governmental request; detect  prevent  or otherwise fraud  security or technical issues; protect against harm to the rights  property or safety of Q-Supreme Information Technologies Ltd.   our users or the public as required or permitted by law.  We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose   your Personal Information.    Security Q-Supreme Information Technologies Ltd.  is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information  and we employ administrative  physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable. Sensitive Information We ask that you not send us  and you not disclose  any sensitive Personal Information (e.g.  information related to racial or ethnic origin  political opinions  religion or other beliefs  health  sexual orientation  criminal background or membership in past organizations  including trade union memberships) on or through an Application  the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.  We do not collect Personal Information    Children We do not provide service focus on Children. If you are under 18  you may use our website when you are with a parent or guardian.  Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices  or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of the Services or the Site  please contact us at support@q-supreme.com.  Changes Our Privacy Policy may change which will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy from time to time  we will post any privacy policy changes on this page  so please review it periodically. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy  your could immediately stop all use of all the Services. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.  Social Copyright \xA9 Q-Supreme team 2015 \u6CAAICP\u590707500366\u53F7\ \ Privacy Policy  