 'Privacy Policy CRAZY SOFTECH APPS (Service  CRAZY SOFTECH  we  us  or our) collects information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us  and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect  use  and protect your information. What information we use and how we use it: Read phone status and identity'  This permission allows CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller name while some one is calling  you will identify it without looking to your smart phone. Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)  We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message  you will identify it without looking to your smart phone. Take pictures and videos  This permission allows CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to use your device's camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash. We do not save or upload your photos/videos. Approximate location (network-based)  This permission allows CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to identify and display your location on map or apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users' location. This information is untraceable. Read your contacts  Approximate location (network-based) This permission allows CRAZY   SOFTECH APPS to identify and display your location on map or apps installed   by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users'   location.    CRAZY SOFTECH APPS does not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS search bar. Read calendar events plus confidential information  CRAZY SOFTECH APPS does not save or upload your contacts.    Permission to access contact information is used when you search   contacts in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS search bar.    Read calendar events plus confidential information    This information is used only in the CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information. Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage  This permission allows CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to delete app data(image  text  audio etc..) stored on their SD card. Read the contents of your USB storage  This permission allows CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to view app data(image  text  audio etc..) stored on their SD card. Set an alarm  This permission allows users to access the device's alarm through CRAZY SOFTECH APPS clock widget. Find accounts on the devices  CRAZY SOFTECH APPS does not recognize or save your account information for any programs. CRAZY SOFTECH APPS only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods. Read Google service configuration  This information is used to acquire advertising ID. CRAZY SOFTECH APPS provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID. Change network connectivity  CRAZY SOFTECH APPS provide users with better advertising service   by using such anonymous ID.    This information is used to acquire advertising ID.    This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS settings and notification toolbar  in order to change/check network connectivity. Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi  This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi. Full network access  This permission is used to access the device's network for certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app classification labels. View network connections  This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS settings and notification toolbar  in order to view network connections. View Wi-Fi connections  TThis permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS settings and notification toolbar  in order to view Wi-Fi connections. Access Bluetooth settings  This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS settings  in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth. Pair with Bluetooth devices  This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS settings  in order to pair with Bluetooth devices. Close other apps  This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS Boost in order to turn off the back-end apps and make the phone run faster. Retrieve running apps  This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS Boost in order to view the running apps. Run as startup  CRAZY SOFTECH will run as startup to provide users with a launcher service. Draw over other apps  This permission allows the CRAZY SOFTECH APPS Free Swipe tab to be displayed as a floating window on other apps. Control vibration  This permission allows CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate  confirming the setting has been turned on. Adjust your wallpaper size  This permission allows users to crop CRAZY SOFTECH APPS wallpaper to the desired size. Set wallpaper  This permission allows users to set a selected CRAZY SOFTECH APPS image as their wallpaper. Read sync settings  This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS power's save mode  and allows CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off. Toggle sync on and off  This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS power's save mode  and allows CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to synchronize with the user's sync settings. Expand/collapse status bar  This permission is used for the gesture feature of CRAZY SOFTECH APPS User System to expand and collapse the status bar. Install shortcuts  This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers  so users can continue to use CRAZY SOFTECH APPS related functions. Measure app storage space  This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application. Modify system settings  This permission is used in CRAZY SOFTECH APPS settings  in order to switch or adjust ringtone  vibration and brightness level of the screen. Read Home settings and shortcuts  This permission is used to acquire the user's Home settings and shortcuts  in order to maintain user preferences. Uninstall shortcuts  This permission allows CRAZY SOFTECH APPS to delete the shortcuts\ \ created by CRAZY SOFTECH APPS in other Android launchers. Photos\u2044Media\u2044\ Files  Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage Test access to protected storage When user recommends friends to download CRAZY SOFTECH APPS by sharing to social network  we need to save an introduction picture to be shared on SD card. We won't access other file on SD card. Device & app history  Retrieve running apps We use this information to boost your Android phone effectively  clean your device's RAM and make your phone speed up in depth. How we protect your information  We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss  misuse and unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration and destruction. However  please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information  no app  website  Internet transmission  computer system or wireless connection is completely secure. How we share your information  We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions  as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law  when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement  judicial proceeding  court order  or legal process served on us  or to protect the safety  rights  or property of our users  the public or CRAZY SOFTECH. Children's Privacy  We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Changes to the Privacy Policy  CRAZY SOFTECH may  in its sole discretion  change this Privacy Policy from time to time  any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy  so please review it periodically. Contact us  If you have any suggestions  feedback or requests  please contact\ \ us on our Facebook page: www.fb.com/CrazySoftech or email us at privacy@crazysoftech.com\ \ \xA9 2014-2017 All Rights Reserved | CRAZY SOFTECH  