 Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home Laserbreak Lite Laserbreak 2 Escape Renegades Contact Blog  Navigation Home Laserbreak Lite Laserbreak 2 Escape Renegades Contact Blog Navigation Privacy Laserbreak Application Privacy Policy Information Collection We will not (and will not allow any third party to) use the Service to track  collect or upload any data that personally identifies an individual (such as a name  email address or billing information). We will have and abide by all applicable laws and regulations relating to the collection of information from Visitors.  We will not (and will not allow any third party to) use the Service   to track  collect or upload any data that personally identifies an individual   (such as a name  email address or billing information).    'When you play Laserbreak  we may record certain information in relation to your activity such as: IP or proxy server IP; Location (Country only); Date and time of access to the app; Length of session; The sections or levels of the app which have been accessed; Buttons or links within the app that have been activated; The number of times the app has been accessed during any period; The device and operating system used to access the app.'  'When you play Laserbreak  we may record certain information in   relation to your activity such as: IP or proxy server IP; Location (Country   only) Date and time of access to the app; Length of session; The sections or   levels of the app which have been accessed; Buttons or links within the app   that have been activated; The number of times the app has been accessed during   any period; The device and operating system used to access the app.'    This information is only used for statistical and development purposes. Our data is collected and accessed only by www.gameanalytics.com. No other third party will collect or access the data..  Cookies Cookies may be used solely to collect traffic data and statistics.  Cookies may be used solely to collect traffic data and statistics.    AMENDMENTS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY We may change this Policy at our own discretion and without prior notice. Such changes will be effective when published on the site and your usage of the site will be considered as acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.  Summary We do not have access to any Laserbreak player's personal data that would identify them as an individual. Enjoy the game.  Copyright 2015 Apex Creative Privacy Contact  0Shares  