 Skip to ContentSkip to Footer Laptops & tablets Business Premium Gaming Standard laptops Workstations Convertibles & detachables Tablets 3-in-1 Desktops Business Immersive Gaming Towers Workstations All-in-ones 3-in-1 Printers Home & home office Business Print only Multifunction Scanners Large format & digital presses 3D Print 3D Scan Ink & Toner Displays & accessories Business solutions Printing Computing Mobility Software Services Small & medium business store Enterprise store Public sector purchasing Support Support & troubleshooting Products Software & drivers Forums Premium helpdesk services for home Extended warranties Business Premium Gaming Standard laptops Workstations Convertibles & detachables Tablets 3-in-1 Business Immersive Gaming Towers Workstations All-in-ones 3-in-1 Home & home office Business Print only Multifunction Scanners Large format & digital presses 3D Print 3D Scan Printing Computing Mobility Software Services Small & medium business store Enterprise store Public sector purchasing Support & troubleshooting Products Software & drivers Forums Premium helpdesk services for home Extended warranties  Clear search box Search HP.com1676317 Close Shopping Cart popup Laptops & tablets Business Premium Gaming Standard laptops Workstations Convertibles & detachables Tablets 3-in-1 Desktops Business Immersive Gaming Towers Workstations All-in-ones 3-in-1 Printers Home & home office Business Print only Multifunction Scanners Large format & digital presses 3D Print 3D Scan Ink & Toner Displays & accessories Business solutions Printing Computing Mobility Software Services Small & medium business store Enterprise store Public sector purchasing Support Support & troubleshooting Products Software & drivers Forums Premium helpdesk services for home Extended warranties Business Premium Gaming Standard laptops Workstations Convertibles & detachables Tablets 3-in-1 Business Immersive Gaming Towers Workstations All-in-ones 3-in-1 Home & home office Business Print only Multifunction Scanners Large format & digital presses 3D Print 3D Scan Printing Computing Mobility Software Services Small & medium business store Enterprise store Public sector purchasing Support & troubleshooting Products Software & drivers Forums Premium helpdesk services for home Extended warranties  Start of content HP Global Master Privacy Policy The HP Global Master Privacy Policy articulates the privacy and data protection principles followed by HP around the world with regards to the personal information of its customers  including product  outsourcing and other services clients  partners  employees  former employees  applicants and current or former members of the Board of Directors (covered individuals). These principles support the highest privacy standards in international trade and commerce and human resource management.  Introduction HP respects and is committed to protecting the personal information of our covered individuals. We follow privacy policies and data protection practices to comply with the law and to earn trust and confidence in HP and its business practices. HP privacy policies and data protection practices extend by contract to our supplier and partner relationships. HP board members  employees  and those working on behalf of HP are informed about these policies and practices and are expected to follow them. HP privacy policies and practices reflect and reinforce the HP company values of trust  integrity  and quality.  Scope This HP Global Master Privacy Policy applies to the collection  storage  processing  transfer  and use of personal information concerning covered individuals except where the contract with a covered individual defines different requirements. Personal information includes any data by which a person can be identified or located  as well as any data to which HP has access in customer systems.  Personal information includes any data by which a person can be   identified or located  as well as any data to which HP has access in customer   systems.    Scope This HP Global Master Privacy Policy applies to the collection    storage  processing  transfer  and use of personal information concerning covered   individuals except where the contract with a covered individual defines different   requirements.    Personal information may be collected from covered individuals through a variety of means  including  as examples  websites  other ordering channels  and service or employment processes. HP may also obtain personal information about covered individuals from other publicly or commercially available sources we deem credible.  This global master policy governs customer and employee data protection policies; implementation standards; rulebooks; business processes; applications; web  product  and service developments; and technology roadmaps.  All HP employees  board members  and contracted parties working on behalf of HP must comply with these policies  even if local law is less restrictive. Specific practices are tailored to meet the legal  regulatory  and cultural requirements of the countries and regions where HP operates.  Global Policy Fundamentals Our privacy policies reflect current global principles and standards on handling personal information. These principles include notice of data use  choice of data use  data access  data integrity  security  onward transfer  and enforcement/oversight. We abide by the privacy laws in the countries where we do business.  'We use the definitions of personal data and sensitive personal data as defined in the Madrid Resolution. Briefly this is: Personal data means any information relating to an identified natural person or a person who may be identified by means reasonably likely to be used.'  Sensitive personal information is that which  in cases of misuse  may cause unlawful or arbitrary discrimination or other serious risk to the data subject. In particular  personal data that reveals aspects such as racial or ethnic origin  political opinions  or religious or philosophical beliefs will be considered sensitive data.  Master Policy Principles HP recognizes that the personal information it receives is held in a position of trust. We seek to fulfill that trust by adhering to the following general principles regarding personal data.  Notice and Choice of Data Use HP does not sell  rent or lease personal information of covered individuals. HP provides notice and choice to individuals regarding the type of personal information collected and its intended uses. HP reviews the purposes for which data is to be collected from covered individuals to ensure that our data collection supports reasonable business requirements. HP does not use personal information obtained from covered individuals for purposes that are incompatible with the purposes stated in our notices.  Data Access HP provides individuals with reasonable access to the personal information they provided to HP and the ability to review and correct it  as applicable.  Data Integrity HP takes reasonable steps to ensure that all applicable personal information is accurate  complete and current.  Data Security HP is committed to protecting personal information against unauthorized use or disclosure. HP provides additional levels of protection for data considered to be sensitive personal data.  Onward Transfer HP does not transfer personal information provided by covered individuals to third parties unless those third parties promise to give the data the equivalent level of protection that HP provides. As a global company operating in many locations around the world  HP may use Global Delivery Centers located outside of the country where the data is collected.  Enforcement/Oversight HP uses best commercial practices to obtain personal information by lawful and fair means. HP complies with relevant privacy and data protection laws in the locations in which HP operates.  HP addresses complaints or disputes regarding personal information promptly and courteously.  'Contacts Online: Feedback form Offline: HP Inc.'  'Office of General Counsel- ATTENTION PRIVACY 1501 Page Mill Road Palo Alto  California 94304 USA References Online Privacy Statement Policy #HP002-01 Version date: November 2015 Related Privacy links: Privacy statements for other countries/regions Related Privacy links: Privacy statements for other countries/regions'  End of content United States HP Worldwide About us About usAbout us Contact HP Careers Investor relations Sustainability Newsroom Accessibility  Ways to buy Ways to buy Shop online Store locator Call an HP rep Find a reseller Enterprise store Public sector purchasing  Support SupportSupport Download drivers Support & troubleshooting Forums Register your product Manage commercial support cases Authorized service providers Check repair status Training & certification  HP Partners HP Partners HP Partner First program HP Partner First Portal Developers  Stay connected Stay connected  Sign up for news & offers Sign up for news & offers Submit Recalls| Product recycling| CA Supply Chains Act| Site map| Privacy| Cookies & ad choices| Terms of Use| Limited warranty statement| Terms & conditions of sales & service  \xA9 Copyright 2017 HP Development Company  L.P.  