 PRODUCT Kika Emoji Keyboard Kika Emoji Keyboard Pro ABOUT US Company Partners BLOG CONNECT Contact Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube SUPPORT Help Center Privacy & Terms  PRIVACY & TERMS Privacy Policy KIKA TECH  INC. provides this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect  use and disclose information  including what you may provide to us or that we obtain from our products and services. We treat your privacy very seriously.  Information Collection & Usage We collect the following information to provide you an enhanced user experience and better services as well as to improve our products.  I. Language Modelling Data We capture all keystrokes input through our keyboard app and encrypt and store all words input (other than those input into a secure text fields containing items such as username and password) in a secure zone within your device. We do NOT store any numeric entries such as credit card numbers or any entries in secure text fields. We use this data to help you type faster by providing auto-correction and auto-suggestion to your keyboard input and to provide you with advertisements based on your queries. We may send this encrypted data to our servers for programmatic analysis to improve our language dictionaries. Data sent to our servers is destroyed when no longer required.  II. Contact Names We use the first and last names of the contacts in your phone contact list to help you input the name faster if you have enabled auto-suggestion. This contact information is encrypted and stored locally on your device in a secured zone which cannot be accessed by other apps generally. This data is never sent to our servers. If you remove our keyboard app  the data will be destroyed by the system automatically.  This contact information is encrypted and stored locally on your   device in a secured zone which cannot be accessed by other apps generally.    This data is never sent to our servers.    We use the first and last names of the contacts in your phone contact   list to help you input the name faster if you have enabled auto-suggestion.    III. Product Metrics We collect data about how you and your device interact with our products. This includes (1) device information such as manufacturer  model  OS version  language settings  nation settings and applications installed  (2) data regarding our application such as version and installation source  and (3) your interaction data such as views  duration of stay at views  transition from view to view and how you enter and leave the view. The data collected helps us know which functions you like and which functions to improve. This information allows us to improve our products and provide you a better user experience. All data is encrypted before being stored locally or transferred to our servers for analysis. Only authorized personnel can access the summarized data with the original data regarding your interactions destroyed periodically.  IV. Feedback Data We use Zendesk as the feedback platform as we recognize your trust and suggestions make us better. This platform allows our well trained support team members to interact with you. We collect the content of messages you send to us  such as feedback  questions or information you provide for customer support. When you contact us for customer support  phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.  V. Crash Data We use Google Fabric to collect crash data from some users. This helps us improve our products and services for all users.  Data Protection All data stored in your device and transmitted to our cloud services from our application is encrypted with access restricted for the usage stated in this document.  Data Sharing We do not sell any data to third parties. We may share data with third parties to improve your user experience.  Change of Control If we sell or otherwise transfer our products or our assets to another organizations  data received from or about our users may be among the items sold or transferred. Any buyer or transferee will be required to honor the commitments made in this Privacy Policy.  Changes to this Policy We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify users by means of a notice on our website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  'Contact Us If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy  you may contact us at support@kikakeyboard.com or write to us at: 8 N. San Pedro Street  Suite 230  San Jose  CA 95110  USA.'  Comments are closed.  PRODUCT Kika Emoji Keyboard Kika Emoji Keyboard Pro ABOUT US Company\ \ Partners BLOG Company news Product news Insights CONNECT Contact Facebook Twitter\ \ Linkedin Youtube SUPPORT Help Center Privacy & Terms Copyright \xA9 2015 kikatech.com\ \ PRODUCT Kika Emoji Keyboard Kika Emoji Keyboard Pro ABOUT US Company Partners\ \ BLOG CONNECT Contact Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube SUPPORT Help Center Privacy\ \ & Terms  