 Privacy Policy (English/\uD55C\uAD6D\uC5B4) JP Brothers  Inc. (henceforth\ \ referred to as \JP Brothers\) handles JP Brothers services' user information\ \ as follows.  Articles of Information Collected JP Brothers collects the following information for purposes of service provision.  [iPhone  Android] Collected Items: Device information unidentified\ \ with personal information  and service usage information \u203B Unidentified\ \ with personal information: Unable to identify individuals with collected information  'Manner of Information Collection JP Brothers collects information through the following methods: Through the process of accessing and using JP Brothers programs Through generated information collection tools'  'Information Collection and Utilization Purposes JP Brothers utilizes collected information for the following purposes: To help users use JP Brothers services with ease To compile statistical data about JP Brothers service uses For internal review and improvement of JP Brothers services To give important announcements when necessary (Push alarm services) For mobile business using big data'  Information sharing and supply Device information unidentified with personal information collected during the use of JP Brothers services will be used within the means listed in Information Collection and Utilization Purposes. Furthermore  information that may be used to identify individuals is not collected or shared with outside parties.  'Some of the data collected from you in connection with your use of this app  as applicable  is shared or otherwise made available to third parties with whom we are affiliated  and is collected  stored and used in accordance with the third-party privacy policy set forth at: http://app-privacy.info/'  Personal Information Handling Consignment JP Brothers does not collect information that may be used to identify individuals.  Information Regarding Outside Party Module Uses JP Brothers may insert outside party models in JP Brothers services' smartphone applications for the purpose of calculating efficiency of ads pushed in outside party media  in order to make payments to ad agencies  and for the purpose of analyzing user patterns.  Rights of Users and Legal Representatives and Exercising Them JP Brothers services collects device information unidentified with personal information. Therefore it is impossible to inquire into  or make adjustments to particular individuals. Users or legal representatives  should they no longer wish to have information collected  may use the functions of the device to delete the service. Information collected through services  once deleted by users or legal representatives  will be processed as stated in Information Possession and Duration of Use  and will be processed as such that they are not open to browsing or other uses.  Automatic Information Collection Module Installation/Operation and Rejection Purpose of Cookies To provide information optimized for users based on the services they have used and websites they have visited.  Automatic Information Collection Module Installation/Operation   and Rejection Purpose of Cookies To provide information optimized for users   based on the services they have used and websites they have visited.    Cookies Installation/Operation and Rejection Users have the right to opt out of Cookies. Therefore  users may through the web browser's settings and options  check every time Cookies are saved  or reject all permissions and/or saving of Cookies. There may be difficulties in certain services that require log-in if saving of Cookies is denied.  Cookies Installation/Operation and Rejection Users have the right   to opt out of Cookies.    There may be difficulties in certain services that require log-in   if saving of Cookies is denied.    Therefore  users may through the web browser's settings and options    check every time Cookies are saved  or reject all permissions and/or saving   of Cookies.    \u203B Cookies Installation  Permissions and Settings (In the case\ \ of Internet Explorer) - On the top menu of web browser: Tools > Internet Options\ \ > Security  Analysis of Applogs through Google Analytics Analysis of users' usage of services using Google Analytics Big Data Analysis through Information Collection Tools (unidentified with personal information)  Analysis of device information using internal information collection tools Information Possession and Duration of Use JP Brothers destroys users' information on principal once the purpose of information collection has been reached. However  should there be a need to preserve information unidentified with personal information  according to internal policy or related legislative regulation  it may be stored for a certain amount of time.  Personal Information Destruction Procedure and Method JP Brothers does not collect information that is identified with personal information.  Privacy-related Contact Information If there should arise questions  dissatisfaction  or need for consultation on the topic of this privacy policy  you can report your inquiries to the user information management (paul@jp-brothers.com)  Privacy Policy Revision If there should be an addition or edition to his privacy policy based on legislative policies or a change in security technology  the content and reason of the revision will be announced  at least 7 days prior  on the JP Brothers website (www.jp-brothers.com) and/or JP Brothers applicaions  in Settings > App Information.  'Effective: January 1st  2015'  