 Privacy Policy At Metago Inc. (Metago or we) we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to all of Metago's products  software  services or web sites (together  the Metago Services). We may update the Privacy Policy in the future  and you will be able to find the most current version of this policy at www.Metago.net.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please feel free to contact us by email at legal@Metago.net.  'INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT We offer a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us  such as ASTRO File Manager. In order to provide our full range of services  we may collect the following types of information: INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE When you sign up for a Metago Account or other Metago service or promotion that requires registration  we ask you for personal information (such as your name  email address  your mobile phone number and an account password). We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other Metago services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services  we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information.'  When you sign up for a Metago Account or other Metago service or   promotion that requires registration  we ask you for personal information (such   as your name  email address  your mobile phone number and an account password).    LOG INFORMATION When you access or connect to Metago Services  our servers automatically record information that your client sends. These server logs may include information such as your service request  Internet Protocol address  platform or browser type  client version ID  client language  device ID  the date and time of your request and session identifiers that may uniquely identify your client.  These server logs may include information such as your service   request  Internet Protocol address  platform or browser type  client version   ID  client language  device ID  the date and time of your request and session   identifiers that may uniquely identify your client.    When you access or connect to Metago Services  our servers automatically   record information that your client sends.    USER COMMUNICATIONS When you send email or other communications to Metago  we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries  respond to your requests and improve our services.  AFFILIATED METAGO SERVICES ON OTHER SITES We offer some of our services on or through other websites or through third-party service providers (e.g.  technical support). Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to Metago in order to deliver the service. We process such information under this Privacy Policy. The affiliated sites and providers through which our services are offered may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.  LINKS Metago may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology  customized content and advertising.  OTHER SITES This Privacy Policy applies to Metago Services only. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results  sites that include Metago applications  products or services  or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own session identifiers or other files on your computer  collect data or solicit personal information from you.  'Metago only processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and/or the supplementary privacy notices for specific services. In addition to the above  such purposes include: Providing our services  including the display of customized content and advertising Auditing  research and analysis in order to maintain  protect and improve our services Ensuring the technical functioning of our network Protecting the rights or property of Metago or our users and Developing new services.'  Metago processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases  we process personal information on a server outside your own country. We may process personal information to provide the Metago Services. In some cases  we may process personal information on behalf of and according to the instructions of a third party  such as our service provider partners. Your use of the Metago Services authorizes us to transfer  process  and store your information in the United States of America or in any other country.  'ONWARD TRANSFER Metago only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Metago in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any personal information.'  We provide such information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf.  We have a good faith belief that access  use  preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law  regulation  legal process or enforceable governmental request  (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service or Privacy Policies  including investigation of potential violations thereof  (c) detect  prevent  or otherwise address fraud  security or technical issues  or (d) protect against harm to the rights  property or safety of Metago  its users or the public as required or permitted by law.  If Metago becomes involved in a merger  acquisition  or any form of sale of some or all of its assets  we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions.  We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated  non-personally identifiable information  such as the number of users who installed a particular application on their mobile  for example  or how often a particular piece of music was played. Such information does not identify you individually.  Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data.  SECURITY We take reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to  or unauthorized alteration  disclosure or destruction of  data.  DATA INTEGRITY Metago processes personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We review our data collection  storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect  store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate  complete  and current  but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.  ACCESS When you use Metago Services  we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed  corrected or removed before processing such requests  and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic  require disproportionate technical effort  jeopardize the privacy of others  or would be extremely impractical (for instance  requests concerning information residing on backup tapes)  or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction  we perform this service free of charge  except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.  ENFORCEMENT Metago utilizes the self-assessment approach to assure its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Metago periodically verifies that this Privacy Policy is accurate  comprehensive for the information intended to be covered and prominently displayed. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Metago's treatment of personal information by contacting us by email at legal@Metago.net.  When we receive formal written complaints at this address  it is Metago's policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities  including local data protection authorities  to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Metago and an individual.  CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. By continuing to use the Metago Services after any changes to this Privacy Policy have been made  you acknowledge and consent to the changes. Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the bottom of the page by its effective date.  If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy  please feel free to contact us by email at info@Metago.net  'Last Updated: December 27  2016'  We do not ask you for personal information (such as your name  email address  your mobile phone number or account password).  We do not ask you for personal information (such as your name    email address  your mobile phone number or account password).    When you access or connect to Metago Services  our servers do not record information that your client sends  such as Internet Protocol address  platform or browser type  client version ID  client language  device ID  the date and time of your request or session identifiers that may uniquely identify your client.  When you access or connect to Metago Services  our servers do not   record information that your client sends  such as Internet Protocol address    platform or browser type  client version ID  client language  device ID  the   date and time of your request or session identifiers that may uniquely identify   your client.    