 'Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 12  2015 THIS PRIVACY POLICY EXPLAINS WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IS COLLECTED  HOW THIS IS DONE  WHAT IS IT USED FOR  AND TO WHOM MUNKEE APPS  INC. (Munkee) DISCLOSES THIS INFORMATION AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES.'  This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If changes are made  you will be notified.  Information about You We collect information that you provide directly to us. When you select certain advertisements within the app  additional information is collected (i.e. device information  general location data  and preferences).  When you select certain advertisements within the app  additional   information is collected (i.e.    device information  general location data  and preferences).    Information Automatically Collected By using our software and its associated services (collectively Application)  we collect information about you that includes  usage information  device information  and information collected by cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and tracking pixels.  By using our software and its associated services (collectively   Application)  we collect information about you that includes  usage information    device information  and information collected by cookies and other technologies   such as web beacons and tracking pixels.    Disclosure of Information This information is used to help improve our products  services  advertising  and in development of features. Additionally  we may use this information to provide and deliver products and services you request  send messages  respond to comments you send Munkee  monitor and analyze trends  investigate and/or prevent fraud or unauthorized or illegal activity.  Munkee is based in the United States and the information collected is governed by U.S. law. By accessing and/or using the Application you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries for the purpose stated in the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.  Munkee discloses information collected when it is necessary by law  legal process  litigation  and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information if Munkee determines that it is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms of Use or protect our operations or other users.  Munkee also discloses your information to those to whom you send messages  strategic partners of Munkee  in connection with  or during negotiations of  any merger  sale of company assets  financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Aggregated or de-identified information may be shared as Munkee deems appropriate.  Security Munkee takes precautions - including administrative  technical  and physical measures - to safeguard your personal information against loss  theft  and misuse  as well as against unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration and destruction.  'Android Users: Users of the Android operating system will also have information collected regarding the installed applications on your device. This information will be used to provide advertisements that are better suited to your interests.'  Children We do not knowingly collect personal information for users under the age of thirteen.  'Contact To contact Munkee  please email us at: instasize@munkee.co'  When you use our software and its associated services (collectively Application)  we do not receive information about you that includes  usage information  device information  or information collected by cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and tracking pixels.  When you use our software and its associated services (collectively   Application)  we do not receive information about you that includes  usage   information  device information  or information collected by cookies and other   technologies such as web beacons and tracking pixels.    When you select advertisements within the app  no information is collected (i.e. no device information  general location data  or preferences).  When you select advertisements within the app  no information is   collected (i.e. no device information  general location data  or preferences).    