 \u2302Home Mail Search News Sports Finance Celebrity Weather Answers\ \ Flickr Mobile More\u22C1 Politics Movies Music Groups Style Beauty Tech Shopping\ \ Install the new Firefox \xBB  Yahoo \U0001F464 Sign in \u2709 Mail \u2699 Help Account Info Help\ \ Terms Privacy Center Topics Products Controls Intellectual Property Counterfeit\ \ Goods Counter Notice Process Repeat Infringer Policy Trademarks Permissions\ \ Closed Captioning Guidelines  Yahoo Mail Yahoo Mail is a free web-based email service. In order to use Yahoo Mail  you must be a registered Yahoo user. You may also purchase premium services such as Mail Plus for a fee. This Privacy Policy applies to the newest version of Yahoo Mail.  Premium Services Premium services  such as Mail Plus  are available for a fee.  When you sign up for premium services  you will be asked to enter your credit card information. Yahoo takes your security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your information. We use industry-standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) to encrypt the transmission of your credit card and other information used when ordering premium services. Billing  To view  edit or cancel Yahoo premium services you have ordered  please visit Yahoo Premium Services Account Information. It includes information about services you currently subscribe to  payment scheduling and payment history.  Information Collection and Use Practices Yahoo's automated systems analyze all communications content (such as Mail and Messenger content including instant messages and SMS messages) to  without limitation  provide personally relevant product features and content  to match and serve targeted advertising and for spam and malware detection and abuse protection. This analysis occurs on all communications content as it is sent  received  and when it is stored  including communications content from services synced with your Yahoo account. For certain use cases  Yahoo runs automated algorithms on commercial communications to create generic templates of such documents (e.g.  using common language to identify the elements of an airline receipt). These templates do not include the recipient's personal data. Yahoo template editors may review the templates to improve our services and our personalization of your experience. Please read our FAQ to learn more.  This information may also be used for interest-based advertising. To learn more  you can visit Yahoo's control tool for interest-based advertising. Yahoo may share keywords  package tracking and product identification numbers with third parties in order to enhance your user experience and provide targeted ads.  Yahoo Mail may include interactive mail features from 3rd parties as well. Your personally identifiable information is not directly shared with the 3rd party without your consent.  Message Search and Access Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Messenger now share a common search platform. You may now elect to archive Yahoo instant messages along with Yahoo Mail messages and search them together (including Voice Mail  SMS  and more). Messages stored on Yahoo servers in this manner are accessible from any computer system or device able to access Yahoo Mail or the latest versions of Yahoo Messenger. Yahoo may analyze instant messages you elect to archive in order to provide personally relevant product features  content  and advertising  and spam and malware detection.  Information Sharing and Disclosure Practices Yahoo Mail includes IP addresses in outgoing mail message headers  as specified by standard Internet protocol.  Yahoo Mail includes\_IP addresses\_in outgoing mail message headers \   \ as specified by standard Internet protocol.    When users click on the Spam and Not Spam buttons  information is sent to Yahoo's anti-spam team or other spam compliance service providers for review  and aspects of these messages may be shared with the sender to reduce spam. See our spam FAQ for more information.  Practices Regarding Your Ability to Update or Delete Information You can modify your settings and preferences in your Yahoo Mail account by accessing Account Information.  Other When you use Yahoo Mail  you are subject to the Yahoo Terms of Service. Please see Yahoo Mail Help if you have questions about this service.  This page describes current Yahoo practices with respect to this particular service. This information may change as Yahoo revises this service by adding or removing features or using different service providers. To find out how Yahoo treats your personal information  please visit our Privacy Policy.  Yahoo Privacy To find out how Yahoo treats your personal information  please visit our Privacy Policy. This page describes current Yahoo practices with respect to this product or topic. Information on this page may change as Yahoo adds or removes features.  Personalized Experience By bringing content and advertising to you that is relevant and tailored to your interests  Yahoo provides a more compelling online experience. Update your content or search preferences  manage your advertising choices  or learn more about relevant advertising.  No IP addresses are collected.  No IP addresses are collected.    