 HOME ABOUT US COOPERATION CULTURE MOVING INVESTOR RELATIONS JOIN\ \ US \u7B80\u4F53\u4E2D\u6587 English  Privacy Beijing Elex Technology Co.  Ltd. (ELEX) see it as our responsibility to set examples and help establish the standards for privacy on the Internet. During registration  each service asks the user to provide different types and amounts of personal information. ELEX intends through the use of such information in good faith to deliver better services.  ELEX is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of its online users (users or user). This Online Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) has been crafted to inform users as to the ways ELEX collects  stores  uses  and manages the information users provide during the use of any ELEX game or application (Service). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is only applicable to information collected from ELEX through the use of the Service.  By using the Service  users are agreeing to the collection and use of their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. ELEX may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time  and ELEX encourages users to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.  'Personal Information and Its Use ELEX gathers two types of information about users: (1) Non-personally identifiable information: When visitors come to our web site  we collect and aggregate information indicating  among other things  which pages were visited  the order in which they were visited  and which hyperlinks were clicked. Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses  operating system and browser software etc. used by each visitor to the ELEX web site. Although such information is not personally identifiable  we can determine from the IP address a visitor''s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of our web site and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition  we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements. (2) Personally identifiable information: In certain areas of the ELEX web site -for example  while registering for the game service a user may be asked to provide his/her full name  nick name  province  gender  hobbies  age and interests etc.'  Although such information is not personally identifiable  we can   determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the   geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.    Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses    operating system and browser software etc.    'ELEX gathers two types of information about users:'    'Non-personally identifiable information:'    'Personally identifiable information: In certain areas of the ELEX   web site -for example  while registering for the game service a user may be   asked to provide his/her full name  nick name  province  gender  hobbies  age   and interests etc.'    used by each visitor to the ELEX web site.    ELEX collects this personal information primarily to make using the ELEX Web site easier and more satisfying for its users. The goal of ELEX is to provide all Internet users with an exciting  entertaining  online experience.  All users should be aware that  when they disclose personally identifiable information in a bulletin board or other forum  the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside ELEX. In the event that you encounter any ELEX user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users  please contact Privacy@ ELEX-tech.com.  'Information Disclosure ELEX will not disclose your personally identifiable information except: a) with your prior authorization or consent; b) in an emergency to protect rights and interests of ELEX and its users  public security and public interests;'  c) as required by law or valid order by a court or other governmental body;  d) to enforce applicable terms of ELEX services or any statements of ELEX  or in other situation which ELEX may deem necessary.  Information Collecting during Co-operation with Third Parties The information that a user shares with ELEX is collected  stored  and handled carefully by ELEX. However  ELEX may share such information during co-operation with third parties to offer some of its services in conjunction with such third parties. ELEX will urge such third parties to handle the said information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.  Through good co-operation or even alliance with other reputable organizations of goodwill  ELEX has been dedicated to providing the best internet service to its users.  Minors' Information and Its Use ELEX suggests that minors shall not access internet without prior written consent of their parents or other legal guardians. ELEX will protect relevant information of minors as required by laws and regulations.  Cookies A cookie is a small data file that ELEX transfers to users' computer's hard disk  generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to remember things about the user's visit  such as the user's preferences or a user's name and password. The Service sends cookies to users' computers when users access or view content of an ELEX game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to users' personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service  tailoring recommendations to users' interests  and making the Service easier to use. Users can disable cookies at any time  although users may not be able to access or use features of the Service.  A cookie is a small data file that ELEX transfers to users' computer's   hard disk  generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to remember   things about the user's visit  such as the user's preferences or a user's name   and password.    Information contained in a cookie may be linked to users' personal   information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service  tailoring   recommendations to users' interests  and making the Service easier to use.    The Service sends cookies to users' computers when users access   or view content of an ELEX game.    Users can disable cookies at any time  although users may not be   able to access or use features of the Service.    Provision of Information ELEX users always have a choice whether or not to disclose information. Certain information is required for registration of our services  but most other requested information is optional. It is a top priority at ELEX to make its user feel comfortable and in control.  ELEX offers its users numerous online interactive activities. To facilitate participation of the user in interactive activities and issue of prizes from such activities  ELEX usually requires the applicant to fill out forms pertaining to his/her personal interests in addition to contact information (i.e. mailing address and phone number). This information is used by ELEX to compile aggregate data on its users. If the user does not want to supply the requested information and partake in the interactive activities  it is completely at the user's discretion.  To facilitate participation of the user in interactive activities   and issue of prizes from such activities  ELEX usually requires the applicant   to fill out forms pertaining to his/her personal interests in addition to contact   information (i.e.    mailing address and phone number).    Links The ELEX web site contains links to some other web sites. ELEX is not responsible for the content or the privacy policy or practices of any other web sites or for the actions of the companies responsible for those web sites. Please review the privacy policies of those web sites before providing them with any personal information.  Update and Publicity of Information ELEX strongly encourages its users to update and edit their personal information and keep it current. A ELEX community user can easily access and correct his/her personal information at any time. Users can edit and delete their personal information at their discretion.  Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online through certain channel ( for example on message boards  through email  or in chat areas )  that information can be collected and used by others. ELEX will take no responsibility whatsoever caused by reasons said above. Since disclosure of personal information through certain channel may lead to disclosure of your personal information  we remind you to use caution before such disclosing.  Ultimately  you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.  Contact We may revise our privacy policy from time to time. When we do  those changes will be reflected in this privacy policy. Any changes that we make will always be made with your privacy and satisfaction as top priorities. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit the ELEX web site.  Questions regarding this statement or the privacy practices of ELEX should be directed to the ELEX site coordinator at privacy@ELEX-TECH.com  ELEX users also have the option of directly contacting the ELEX customer service department via telephone  fax  and/or standard mail.  Copyright Policy ELEX respects the intellectual property of others  and we ask our users to do the same. ELEX may  in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion  terminate the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.  ELEX owns or has the right to use all the intellectual propriety rights with respect to the content and services that are developed or jointly developed by ELEX. This content and services are protected by applicable intellectual property laws  copyrights  trademarks  service marks  patents or other proprietary rights and laws.  Back to Top Copyright \xA9 2015 ELEXBeijing ICP Certificate No. 09024464\ \ \u4E92\u8054\u7F51\u51FA\u7248\u8BB8\u53EF\u8BC1 \u7F51\u7EDC\u6587\u5316\u7ECF\ \u8425\u8BB8\u53EF\u8BC1 Contact us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy  