 Privacy Policy 1.Introduction The use of Our Services may involve the collection and use of your Information.  'This Privacy Policy (Policy) explains how information about you or associated with you is collected  used and disclosed by Flash Keyboard Team. (we or us) when you use our services through Flash Keyboard. By using Our Services  you confirm that you have read and consent to our following activities in accordance with this Privacy Policy: 1.The collection of your information as described in this Policy;'  2.The processing of your information; 3.The sharing of your information with third parties;; 4.The storage and transferring your information in or to a number of countries;  5.The use of your information to send you emails; 6.The use of information in identifying your exact location when you have enabled features and functions of Our Services that use your device's location.  The use of information in identifying your exact location when   you have enabled features and functions of Our Services that use your device's   location.    2.Scope of The Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies across all of Our Service provided through Flash Keyboard.  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and form part of the Flash Keyboard Terms of Service that you have agreed to in order to use Our Services. Any terms used in this Privacy Policy will have the same meaning as the equivalent defined terms in the Terms of Service  unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy or the context requires otherwise.  Please also note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to Information collected through third party services (including any third party applications) that you may access through our services.  '3. The Information We Collect The categories of information we collect can include: Information About How You Use the App. We may collect information about your participation and actions on Our Services. When you access our Services  we automatically record and upload information from your device including  but not limited to attributes such as the operating system  hardware version  device settings  battery and signal strength  device identifiers and connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP  browser type  language and time zone  IP address  identification numbers associated with your device (such as a UDID)  your mobile device type and manufacturer.'  When you access our Services  we automatically record and upload   information from your device including  but not limited to attributes such as   the operating system  hardware version  device settings  battery and signal   strength  device identifiers and connection information such as the name of   your mobile operator or ISP  browser type  language and time zone  IP address    identification numbers associated with your device (such as a UDID)  your mobile   device type and manufacturer.    Your Communications with Us. We collect communications you send to us  such as emails.  We collect communications you send to us  such as emails.    Your Communications with Us.    Location Data. When you have enabled geographical location-based or GPS services on your device in relation to Our Services  we will collect information about your geographical location or GPS position based on the location of the device you are using to access our Services. That information helps us identify your physical location.  That information helps us identify your physical location.    When you have enabled geographical location-based or GPS services   on your device in relation to Our Services  we will collect information about   your geographical location or GPS position based on the location of the device   you are using to access our Services.    Third-Party Applications Installed On Your Mobile Device. We automatically record information about all the third-party applications and software you have installed and will install on your mobile device to make certain features on Our Service workable. Please be noted that we will not upload information under this category and such information will only be saved on your own device.  Message Data. We automatically record it and store it in your phone without transmitting to our server.  We automatically record it and store it in your phone without transmitting   to our server.    Contact Record. We automatically record it and store it in your phone without transmitting to our server.  Contact Record.    We automatically record it and store it in your phone without transmitting   to our server.    Camera.We access to phone camera to active the self-made stickers function.  Get Accounts.Log in with Google Accounts  display your Google Profile name  Profile photo.  '4.How We Use Your Information We may use your Information for any of the following purposes: 1.Provide the requested Services to administer and maintain the functions and features that are part of Our Services;'  2.Analyze  develop and improve our Services and develop new products and services;  3.Detect and prevent abusive  fraudulent  malicious or potentially illegal activities  and to protect the rights  safety or property of our users;  4.Perform other functions as may otherwise be described to you at the time of collection or as enabled by you in relation to our Services;  5.Improve functions locally like auto-prediction  auto-correction and next-word suggestion; 5.Sharing of Your Information Other than as permitted under this Privacy Policy or as otherwise consented to by you  we will not transfer your Information to any other third parties for their processing for any purposes.  'Where we or our affiliate companies do share your Information with any third parties  we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that such third parties only use your Information: (i) in compliance with this Privacy Policy; and (ii) subject to any other instructions we give them  including any appropriate confidentiality and security measures that we implement.'  You consent to the third party use  sharing and transfer of your Information (both inside and outside of your jurisdiction) as described in this section.  As we continue to develop our business  we or our affiliate companies may be acquired by a third party or re-organise our group structure. In these circumstances  it may be the case that your Information is transferred within our group and/or transferred to a third party who will continue to operate our services or similar services under either this Privacy Policy or a different privacy policy which will be notified to you. The party to which your Information is transferred may be located  and use your Information  outside of your jurisdiction.  'You agree that we or our affiliate companies may be required to retain  preserve or disclose your Information: (i) in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations; (ii) in order to comply with a court order  subpoena or other legal process; (iii) in response to a request by a government authority  law enforcement agency or similar body (whether situated in your jurisdiction or elsewhere); or (iv) where we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations. You also agree that we or our affiliate companies may need to disclose your Information in order to enforce the Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy  protect our rights  property or safety  or the rights  property or safety of our affiliate companies or other users of our services.'  6.Security of Your Information We operate and may continue to operate servers in a number of jurisdictions around the world  so the server on which your Information is used and stored may not be in your jurisdiction.  You consent to the transfer of your Information (both inside and outside of your jurisdiction) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  We use a variety of security technologies and procedures for the purpose of preventing loss  misuse  unauthorized access or disclosure of Information. Please be aware that despite our efforts  no data security measures can guarantee 100% security at all times. Our systems and the communications networks through which you access our services may be subject to security breaches and failures which are due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control.  7.Period of Use of Your Information Subject to applicable laws and regulations  we will only use your Information for so long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes as set out under the How We Use Your Information section above.  8.User Participation Plan Participate in user involvement program that will help us adjust and optimize the function  giving you a better experience. Through user participation program  you can use the latest version of the application  and get better use  more stable  more friendly service. If you choose to participate in user participation plan  it means that you authorize us to phone you use Flash Keyboard in the process  and enter the relevant information about your operating processes and input contents will be collected. These data are anonymous manner  and you will not be associated with personally identifiable information. At the same time  we collected data will be encrypted to ensure the security of information. We guarantee that this information is only used to help improve Flash Keyboard. If you do not choose to participate in user participation program The information will not be collected. You are free to decide whether to participate in user participation plan.  