 active_menu Home Jobs Press Partnerships Apps  Cardinal Blue Software  Inc.  Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.  Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Privacy Privacy Policy Your privacy is important to Cardinal Blue. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Cardinal Blue collects  and the ways in which Cardinal Blue uses that personal information.  Personal information collection Cardinal Blue complies with Facebook privacy policies on Facebook profile information. When users log in to our Facebook applications  any non-public profile information (profile information  photos  your friends' info) is used ONLY during the duration that the user is logged into the application for the purposes for making the application work.  When users log in to our Facebook applications  any non-public   profile information (profile information  photos  your friends' info) is used   ONLY during the duration that the user is logged into the application for the   purposes for making the application work.    'Cardinal Blue may collect and use the following kinds of additional information generated by the user in the application: information about your use of our applications including aggregate information concerning what pages users access or visit  information volunteered by the user such as survey information and messages to community moderators information about transactions carried out over this website including payment transactions;'  'Cardinal Blue may use your personal information to: administer the application personalize the application for you; enable your access to and use of the application services; publish information about you on the application; send to you products that you purchase; supply to you services that you purchase; send you statements and invoices; collect payments from you; and send you marketing communications.'  Where Cardinal Blue discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes  the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.  In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above  Cardinal Blue may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law  in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings  and in order to establish  exercise or defend its legal rights.  Securing your data Cardinal Blue will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss  misuse or alteration of your personal information. Cardinal Blue will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.  Cross-border data transfers Information that Cardinal Blue collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Cardinal Blue operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. In addition  personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.  You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.  Updating this statement Cardinal Blue may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.  Other websites This application contains links to other applications and websites. Cardinal Blue is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.  Contact Cardinal Blue If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Cardinal Blue's treatment of your personal information  contact info@cardinalblue.com.  This privacy statement This privacy statement is based on a precedent created by employmentlawcontracts.co.uk and published by freenetlaw.com.  Updated: January 2010 Copyright \xA9 2009-2010 Cardinal Blue Software \ \ Inc.  Share Page Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Text Email Close  