 Navigation Home Games Jobs Help About  Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Japanese Privacy Policy Backflip Studios Privacy Policy Backflip Studios  LLC. (Backflip) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the Personal Data we collect via any Backflip application (each  an App) and our websites  including www.backflipstudios.com each  a Site). This Privacy Policy generally applies to all users of Backflip's Apps who are age 13 or older. For users under age 13  please refer to our Children's Privacy Policy here .  'Types of Data We Collect Information You Provide We collect information about you in various ways when you use our Site and Apps. We collect personal information you provide to us. For example  we collect your name  email address or other address you provide  and any other information you provide us when you contact us for support or provide feedback. We may also collect any information you provide us  such as your name  postal address  zip code  country of origin  and email  when you: (i) respond to one of our surveys  (ii) participate in a contest  sweepstakes or other promotion  (iii) sign up for one of our newsletters  or (iv) sign up to one of our pre-registration sites. We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our Apps.'  For example  we collect your name  email address or other address   you provide  and any other information you provide us when you contact us for   support or provide feedback.    We collect personal information you provide to us.    We may also collect any information you provide us  such as your   name  postal address  zip code  country of origin  and email    We may request that you provide your age information  including your date of birth to customize our App's content and other features. If your child identifies himself or herself as under the age of 13  please see our Children's Privacy Policy here [http://www.backflipstudios.com/help/privacy-policy-children] for a description of how we collect  use and share information we collect from children under the age of 13.  We may request that you provide your age information  including   your date of birth to customize our App's content and other features.    We may also collect personal information at other points on the App that state that personal information is being collected.  Information Automatically Collected Via Technology When you use one of our Apps  some information is automatically collected. For example  we collect a unique identifier for the device on which you install an App (DID  which may be your Apple Game Center ID (if you have signed up to Game Center and we have access to that ID)) and develop a profile about you keyed to that DID. We may store your DID with your contact information (like your email address) when you contact us for support  but otherwise we do not associate your DID with Personal Data we collect about you.  Apple Game Center ID (if you have signed up to Game Center and   we have access to that ID)) and develop a profile about you keyed to that DID.    For example  we collect a unique identifier for the device on which   you install an App    Information Automatically Collected Via Technology When you use   one of our Apps  some information is automatically collected.    We may store your DID with your contact information (like your   email address) when you contact us for support  but otherwise we do not associate   your DID with Personal Data we collect about you.    Our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) also collect information from you  including your browser type  device type  operating system  application software  Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet  which may vary from session to session)  MAC address  Open Device Identification Number (ODIN)  domain name  date/time stamps for your use of the App  and your DID.  Our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider)   also collect information from you  including your browser type  device type    operating system  application software  Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number   that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet  which   may vary from session to session)  MAC address  Open Device Identification Number   (ODIN)  domain name  date/time stamps for your use of the App  and your DID.    Our Apps may also allow you to make in-App purchases. If you make an in-App purchase we will automatically collect information related to your purchase  or may receive such information from the platform provider (e.g. Apple or Google)  including the item purchased  the name of the game you are playing  billing information and other information about your purchase.  Our Apps may also automatically receive age information  including date of birth  from the platform provider or which is associated with your DID.  Our Apps may also automatically receive age information  including   date of birth  from the platform provider or which is associated with your DID.    Our Apps may periodically examine the contents of your device to determine the presence of other Backflip Apps on the device. The App will transmit the results of that examination to Backflip and our advertising service providers to be used in targeting advertisements to your device. For example  if you have PaperToss and Ninjump installed on your device  when you play PaperToss  we will not send you ads for Ninjump and will instead send you other more relevant ads. When you start or stop an App  it may display an ad and during gameplay  a rotating banner ad may be displayed.  We may also automatically collect information related to the overall effectiveness of our advertising campaigns via our advertisements delivered on third party web sites  apps and services (Our Ads). For example  we may collect information related to the number of people who click on Our Ads  and the number of people who download one of our Apps or other products via Our Ads. We may combine the information we collect via Our Ads with other information we collect via our Apps.  Third Parties Who Collect Information On Our Site and Apps  (a) Social Networking Sites. If you use one of our Apps in connection with a social networking site (such as Facebook  Twitter  Google+  or LinkedIn) (Social Networking Site)  we may receive information about you from such Social Networking Site  in accordance with such Social Networking Site's terms of use and privacy policy (SNS Terms). For instance  if you associate your App with your Facebook account  Facebook will provide the App the applicable information (which may include your name  profile picture  gender  networks  user ID  list of friends  your email address  location  birthday and publishing stream  and other information you store on Facebook. This Social Networking Site information is not sent to the Backflip servers  but is stored on the App. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via the App. If you elect to share your information with these Social Networking Sites  we will share information with them in accordance with your election. The SNS Terms will apply to the information we disclose to them.  '12: (a) Social Networking Sites.'    For instance  if you associate your App with your Facebook account    Facebook will provide the App the applicable information (which may include   your name  profile picture  gender  networks  user ID  list of friends  your   email address  location  birthday and publishing stream  and other information   you store on Facebook.    If you elect to share your information with these Social Networking   Sites  we will share information with them in accordance with your election.    If you use one of our Apps in connection with a social networking   site (such as Facebook  Twitter  Google+  or LinkedIn) (Social Networking Site)    we may receive information about you from such Social Networking Site  in accordance   with such Social Networking Site's terms of use and privacy policy (SNS Terms).    The SNS Terms will apply to the information we disclose to them.    This Social Networking Site information is not sent to the Backflip   servers  but is stored on the App.    We may add this information to the information we have already   collected from you via the App.    '(b) Analytics. We may share your DID or other information with companies that perform analytics regarding our Apps (or enable such companies to collect your DID or other information): to analyze the use of the Apps for us; and for advertising about Backflip and other companies. These companies may combine data we provide to them or allow them to collect from or about you with data they collect in connection with other websites or applications.'  (c) Third Party Offers. Our Apps may provide you access to third party services that offer in App rewards in exchange for your participation in the third party's offer or activity (each an Activity). If you click on or otherwise participate in any Activity  the third party(ies) providing the Activity may automatically collect certain information about you and your participation in the Activity. Backflip is not responsible for any third party providing any Activity on its App  or the information collected by such third parties.  'Third Party Advertisements We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Apps. Certain third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites  your IP address  your ISP  your DID  the browser you use to visit our Site (but not your name  address  email address  or telephone number). They do this using cookies  clear gifs  or other technologies. Information collected may be used  among other things  to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Site and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to  and we are not responsible for  cookies or clear gifs in third party ads  and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies  click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org.'  Certain third parties may automatically collect information about   your visits to this and other websites  your IP address  your ISP  your DID    the browser you use to visit our Site (but not your name  address  email address    or telephone number).    Information collected may be used  among other things  to deliver   advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and   visitation of our Site and the other sites tracked by these third parties.    They do this using cookies  clear gifs  or other technologies.    'Use of Your Data We use personal information collected through our Site and Apps for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you on the Site  in our Apps  or in connection with our services. For example  we may use your information to: operate and improve our Apps  products  and services; understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Site  Apps  products  and services; process and deliver contest entries and rewards; to send you push notifications; respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; to track (via your DID) your in-App currency  to send relevant ads to you  to save your scores  and to provide the services you request; to send you related information  including confirmations  invoices  technical notices  updates  security alerts  and support and administrative messages; communicate with you about new contests  promotions  rewards  upcoming events  and other news about products and services offered by Backflip and our selected partners; and link or combine it with other personal information we get from third parties  to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.'  We may also create anonymous and/or deidentified data records from your personal data by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We may use such anonymous/deidentified information to back up App-related data  high scores  levels completed  in-game currency earned or purchased  and improve our products and services.  'Sharing Of Personal Information We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as follows: with your consent  for example  when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies; with third party vendors  consultants and other service providers who work for us and need access to your information to do that work; to (i) comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process  (ii) to protect the rights and property of Backflip our agents  customers  members  and others including to enforce our agreements  policies and terms of use or (iii) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of Backflip  its customers  or any person ; in connection with or during negotiation of any merger  financing  acquisition  or dissolution  transaction or proceeding involving sale  transfer  divestiture  or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.'  We may also share aggregated or deidentified information in our sole discretion.  'Our Apps may enable you to post content to Social Networking Sites. If you choose to do this  we will provide information to such Social Networking Sites in accordance with your elections. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such Social Networking Sites. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such Social Networking Sites; (ii) the content  products or services on or availability of such Social Networking Sites; or (iii) your use of any such Social Networking Sites.'  Security of Your Personal Data Backflip is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access  use  or disclosure. While Backflip uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data  Backflip cannot guarantee its absolute security.  Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data You can stop all collection of information by an App by uninstalling the App. You may use the standard uninstall process as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.  A Note to Users Outside of the United States If you are a non U.S. user of an App  by using such App and providing us with data  you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy. In addition  your personal information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries  including the United States  where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your data  you acknowledge such transfer.  'Contact Information Backflip welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please contact us at the following: support@backflipstudios.com'  Changes to This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision  and if we make any material changes in the way we use your personal information  we will notify you by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site or App. Changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personal data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal data  you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes. Continued use of our Site or App  following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.  Last Revised: May 2016 Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Youtube BACKFLIP\ \ STUDIOS \xB7 Copyright \xA9 2014 \xB7 Terms of Service \xB7 Privacy Policy  We will never ask that you provide your age or other demographic information  including your date of birth.  We will never ask that you provide your age or other demographic   information  including your date of birth.    Information is not Automatically Collected Via Technology When you use one of our Apps  information is not automatically collected. For example  we are not collecting any unique identifiers for the device on which you install our App ...  Information is not Automatically Collected Via Technology When   you use one of our Apps  information is not automatically collected. For example    we are not collecting any unique identifiers for the device on which you install   our App ...    We are not sharing your device identifiers or other information with companies that perform analytics regarding our Apps (nor do we enable such companies to collect your device identifiers or other information).  We are not sharing your device identifiers or other information   with companies that perform analytics regarding our Apps (nor do we enable such   companies to collect your device identifiers or other information).    We do not transfer personal information to analytics companies.\_\ For example  we do not share your name  email address or other address  and any\ \ other information when you contact us for support or provide feedback.\_We also\ \ do not let third parties collect any information  such as your name  postal\ \ address  zip code  country of origin  and email  We do not transfer personal information to analytics companies.\_\   For example  we do not share your name  email address or other address  and\   \ any other information when you contact us for support or provide feedback.\_\   We also do not let third parties collect any information  such as your name \   \ postal address  zip code  country of origin  and email    No server (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collects information from you  such as your browser type  device type  operating system  application software  Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet  which may vary from session to session)  MAC address  Open Device Identification Number (ODIN)  domain name  date/time stamps for your use of the App  nor your DID.  No server (which may be hosted by a third party service provider)   collects information from you  such as your browser type  device type  operating   system  application software  Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that   is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet  which   may vary from session to session)  MAC address  Open Device Identification Number   (ODIN)  domain name  date/time stamps for your use of the App  nor your DID.    Our Apps do not automatically receive age information  including date of birth  from the platform provider or which is associated with your DID.  Our Apps do not automatically receive age information  including   date of birth  from the platform provider or which is associated with your DID.    