 Privacy Policy of bubble quiz games This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.  'Policy summary Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Advertising AdMob Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data Handling payments Google Wallet Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service'  'Hosting and backend infrastructure Firebase Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service'  'Infrastructure monitoring Crashlytics Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service'  Interaction with external social networks and platforms Google+ +1 button and social widgets and Facebook Like button and social widgets  'Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data Further information about Personal Data TapJoy http://home.tapjoy.com/info/about-tapjoy/privacy-policy Contact information Data owner bubble Mateusz Klaczak  Sienkiewicza 2  43-100 Tychy  Poland Owner contact email: mateusz.klaczak@gmail.com Full policy Data Controller and Owner bubble Mateusz Klaczak  Sienkiewicza 2  43-100 Tychy  Poland Owner contact email: mateusz.klaczak@gmail.com Types of Data collected Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects  by itself or through third parties  there are: Cookies and Usage Data.'  'Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects    by itself or through third parties  there are: Cookies and Usage Data.'    Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.  The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User  or collected automatically when using this Application.  Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application  unless stated otherwise  serves to identify Users and remember their preferences  for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.  Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application   or by the owners of third party services used by this Application  unless stated   otherwise  serves to identify Users and remember their preferences  for the   sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.    Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.  Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained  published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.  Mode and place of processing the Data Methods of processing The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access  disclosure  modification  or unauthorized destruction of the Data.  The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools  following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller  in some cases  the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge  involved with the operation of the site (administration  sales  marketing  legal  system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers  mail carriers  hosting providers  IT companies  communications agencies) appointed  if necessary  as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.  Place The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information  please contact the Data Controller.  Retention time The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User  or stated by the purposes outlined in this document  and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.  'The use of the collected Data The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services  as well as for the following purposes: Hosting and backend infrastructure  Infrastructure monitoring  Advertising  Interaction with external social networks and platforms and Handling payments.'  The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.  'Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Advertising This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application  possibly based on User interests.'  This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.  Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique  i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User's interests and behavior  including those detected outside this Application. For more information  please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.  For more information  please check the privacy policies of the   relevant services.    Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users   or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique  i.e.    displaying ads tailored to the User's interests and behavior  including   those detected outside this Application.    AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.) AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.  'Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.'  'Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.'    'Place of processing: US Privacy Policy Handling payments Payment processing services enable this Application to process payments by credit card  bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security  this Application shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.'  Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User  such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.  Google Wallet (Google Inc.) Google Wallet is a payment service provided by Google Inc.  which allows users to make online payments using their Google credentials.  'Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.'  'Place of processing: US Privacy Policy Hosting and backend infrastructure This type of service has the purpose of hosting data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers  making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.'  Firebase (Firebase  Inc.) Firebase is a hosting and backend service provided by Google Inc.  'Place of processing: US Privacy Policy Infrastructure monitoring This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance  operation  maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.'  Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services  whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.  Crashlytics (Crashlytics  Inc.) Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Crashlytics  Inc.  'Place of processing: US Privacy Policy Interaction with external social networks and platforms This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application.'  The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User's privacy settings for each social network.  This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed  even when Users do not use it.  Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google Inc.) The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.  'Place of processing: US Privacy Policy Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook  Inc.) The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook  Inc.'  'Place of processing: US Privacy Policy Further information about Personal Data TapJoy http://home.tapjoy.com/info/about-tapjoy/privacy-policy Additional information about Data collection and processing Legal action The User''s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller  in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.'  The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.  Additional information about User's Personal Data In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy  this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.  System logs and maintenance For operation and maintenance purposes  this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).  System logs and maintenance For operation and maintenance purposes    this Application and any third party services may collect files that record   interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other   Personal Data (such as IP Address).    Information not contained in this policy More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.  The rights of Users Users have the right  at any time  to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin  to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented  cancelled  updated or corrected  or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law  as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.  This Application does not support Do Not Track requests.  To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the Do Not Track requests  please read their privacy policies.  Changes to this privacy policy The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often  referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy  the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise  the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.  Information about this privacy policy The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy  prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda's servers.  Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Any information regarding a natural person  a legal person  an institution or an association  which is  or can be  identified  even indirectly  by reference to any other information  including a personal identification number.  'Usage Data Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application)  which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application  the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier)  the time of the request  the method utilized to submit the request to the server  the size of the file received in response  the numerical code indicating the status of the server''s answer (successful outcome  error  etc.)  the country of origin  the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User  the various time details per visit (e.g.  the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited  and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User''s IT environment.'  'Information collected automatically from this Application (or   third party services employed in this Application)  which can include: the IP   addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this   Application'    User The individual using this Application  which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject  to whom the Personal Data refers.  Data Subject The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.  Data Processor (or Data Supervisor) The natural person  legal person  public administration or any other body  association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.  Data Controller (or Owner) The natural person  legal person  public administration or any other body  association or organization with the right  also jointly with another Data Controller  to make decisions regarding the purposes  and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used  including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller  unless otherwise specified  is the Owner of this Application.  This Application The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.  Cookies Small piece of data stored in the User's device.  Cookies Small piece of data stored in the User's device.    'Legal information Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC  and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC  as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC  on the subject of Cookies.'  This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.  'Latest update: February 03  2017 iubenda hosts this page and collects some Personal Data about Users'  'Certain types of Personal Data are not collected by this Application  by itself or through third parties  which are: Cookies and Usage Data.'  'Certain types of Personal Data are not collected by this Application    by itself or through third parties  which are: Cookies and Usage Data.'    'Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application) does not include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application'  'Information collected automatically from this Application (or   third party services employed in this Application) does not include: the IP   addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this   Application'    