 Apps About Careers Contact Us  PRIVACY POLICY Read the End User License Agreement here.  My Free VPN please see the My Free VPN Privacy Policy  'Last Updated: March 31  2017 TABLE OF CONTENTS: 1. Introduction 2. Data We Collect 3. How We Use The Information We Collect 4. Cross-App Advertising and Other Interest-Based Advertising Technologies 5. Sharing Your Information 6. Cookies  identifiers and data analysis 7. How We Protect Your Information 8. Information Relating to Children 9. Social Logins 10. Where We Store Your Information 11. How Long We Store Your Information 12. Data Deletion 13. Access To and Choices Regarding Your Information 14. How To Contact Us 1. INTRODUCTION This Apalon Apps branded mobile application and any services provided through this application (the Apalon App and collectively  the Apalon Apps) a list of which is available at www.apalon.com are provided to you by IAC Search and Media Europe  Ltd.  an Irish registered company  with company number 373923 and its registered office at Unit 1  Digiweb Building  College Business and Technology Park  Blanchardstown North Road  Dublin 15  Ireland (referred to as IAC  we  us or our). Our Privacy Policy applies when you use any of the Apalon Apps and should be read together with the End User License Agreement EULA. By using an Apalon App  you are consenting to our processing of your information in ways set out in this Privacy Policy.'  Access To and Choices Regarding Your Information 14.    By using an Apalon App  you are consenting to our processing of   your information in ways set out in this Privacy Policy.    Cookies  identifiers and data analysis 7.    Cross-App Advertising and Other Interest-Based Advertising Technologies   5.    Data Deletion 13.    Data We Collect 3.    How Long We Store Your Information 12.    How To Contact Us 1.    How We Protect Your Information 8.    How We Use The Information We Collect 4.    INTRODUCTION This Apalon Apps branded mobile application and   any services provided through this application (the Apalon App and collectively    the Apalon Apps) a list of which is available at www.apalon.com are provided   to you by IAC Search and Media Europe  Ltd.  an Irish registered company  with   company number 373923 and its registered office at Unit 1  Digiweb Building    College Business and Technology Park  Blanchardstown North Road  Dublin 15    Ireland (referred to as IAC  we  us or our).    Information Relating to Children 9.    Introduction 2.    'Last Updated: March 31  2017 TABLE OF CONTENTS: 1.'    Our Privacy Policy applies when you use any of the Apalon Apps   and should be read together with the End User License Agreement EULA.    Sharing Your Information 6.    Social Logins 10.    Where We Store Your Information 11.    The information we collect about you through your use of Apalon Apps is controlled by IAC in accordance with Irish law and in particular with the Irish Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003  as amended or replaced from time to time.  Our Privacy Policy may change so you should review it regularly. We will notify you of any material changes in the way we treat your information through the Apalon Apps you use.  '2. DATA WE COLLECT When you use an Apalon App  IAC or its trusted partners may collect data from your mobile device  including information which directly or indirectly identifies you. Your information may be kept in an identifiable format  or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified from it. The information we collect about you (collectively and individually  the Information) includes: If an Apalon App offers you the option to register  we will collect the Information you provide to us in the registration form. This may include identification data such as your name  email address or other account or registration data.'  If an Apalon App offers you the option to register  we will collect   the Information you provide to us in the registration form.    'The information we collect about you (collectively and individually    the Information) includes:'    This may include identification data such as your name  email address   or other account or registration data.    In some cases  an Apalon App may provide you with the option to register using social media account details  like your Facebook  Twitter or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way  we will collect the Information described in the section called Social Logins [LINK] below. We will also collect your Information when you use Apalon Apps such as when you post or share material  upload data  request further services or make selections using the Apalon Apps  if such functionality is available in the Apalon App.  In some cases  an Apalon App may provide you with the option to   register using social media account details  like your Facebook  Twitter or   other social media account.    If you opt-in  some Apalon Apps (e.g. Apalon's sleep tracker app  Good Mornings) may collect movement data from your phone. We will collect Information about you when you interact with us such as when you report a problem  contact or communicate with us.  Geolocation data  which is any Information which indicates the geographical position of your device and which may include the time the location was recorded  and may include precise (e.g.  GPS-level) location data. Some Apalon Apps may collect this data when the App is not open or actively in use (This may help us or third parties to customize information  content  or offers to you  for instance.) The Apalon App and/or your mobile device may provide options for you to control the use and/or sharing of precise device location data.  Geolocation data  which is any Information which indicates the   geographical position of your device and which may include the time the location   was recorded  and may include precise (e.g.  GPS-level) location data.    Any of your Information you provide or permit to be provided to us via a social network or public forum provider like Facebook  including when you link an Apalon App to your social network or public forum account (e.g. for registration or social sharing purposes). This data may include your use of the Apalon App on such public forums and/or social networks  including with whom you share the Apalon App. For further information as to how and for what purpose the social network or public forum provider collects  uses and shares your data  as well as how you can set your privacy preferences on their site or apps  please see their privacy policy. We automatically collect certain Information from your device when you use the Apalon App including Information about your device  carrier and other technical data.  Any of your Information you provide or permit to be provided to   us via a social network or public forum provider like Facebook  including when   you link an Apalon App to your social network or public forum account (e.g.    We automatically collect certain Information from your device when   you use the Apalon App including Information about your device  carrier and   other technical data.    for registration or social sharing purposes).    '3. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT We may use the Information (elements of which we may use alone or in combination with each other data/Information) we collect to: Deliver the Apalon Apps to you and ensure their optimal functionality and operation; Enable you to register and create an account with the Apalon Apps; Provide you with customer support; Perform research and analysis about your use of  or interest in  our products  services  or content; If you have registered with an Apalon App using your social media account details  we may use the Information we receive from your social media provider to identify which of your friends are also using the Apalon App so that you can connect with them in our app;'  'We may use the Information (elements of which we may use alone   or in combination with each other data/Information) we collect to:'    Communicate with you by e-mail  postal mail  telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us  our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application advertising  in some cases you can upgrade to the paid version of the app;  Communicate with you by e-mail  postal mail  telephone and/or mobile   devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services   that may be of interest to you either from us  our parent or subsidiary companies   or other third parties.    Develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. For instance  we  or these third parties may serve music-related ads or offers to users who have installed music-related apps (whether or not these are Apalon Apps). Similarly  users who frequently visit music-related venues may likewise receive ads or offers to install music-related apps; Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys; Enforce our terms  conditions and policies and to communicate with you;  Develop and display content and advertising (and work with third   parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure   its effectiveness.    For instance  we  or these third parties may serve music-related   ads or offers to users who have installed music-related apps (whether or not   these are Apalon Apps).    Similarly  users who frequently visit music-related venues may   likewise receive ads or offers to install music-related apps; Verify your eligibility   and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order   to conduct polls and surveys; Enforce our terms  conditions and policies and   to communicate with you;    Manage and improve the Apalon App(s). For this purpose  we may use and combine your Information which we collect across different Apalon Apps used by you; When we collect your precise geolocation data (subject to your consent) (which may be via the device's cellular  Wi-Fi  Global Positioning System (GPS) networks and/or Bluetooth information)  we do so to provide you with our location-related products and services  for example to provide you with forecast and weather alerts for your location  and also to facilitate  measure  or otherwise support advertising by third parties (through our apps or third parties' apps) that may be related to your location over time. When you share your Information with us via a social network provider like Facebook  we use this to show Information on your social network profile (subject to your privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share Information about our services with your connections or on your social network profile.  When we collect your precise geolocation data (subject to your   consent) (which may be via the device's cellular  Wi-Fi  Global Positioning   System (GPS) networks and/or Bluetooth information)  we do so to provide you   with our location-related products and services  for example to provide you   with forecast and weather alerts for your location  and also to facilitate    measure  or otherwise support advertising by third parties (through our apps   or third parties' apps) that may be related to your location over time.    When you share your Information with us via a social network provider   like Facebook  we use this to show Information on your social network profile   (subject to your privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and   to allow you to share Information about our services with your connections or   on your social network profile.    4. CROSS-APP ADVERTISING AND OTHER INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING TECHNOLOGIES As described in Sections 3 and 5 of this Privacy Policy  we sometimes work with third parties to deliver ads  content or offers. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile SDK. The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown  data to be collected  and related services to be implemented. We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your mobile device  and we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into Apalon Apps  for third party advertising. If you'd like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device  please follow the instructions below.  As described in Sections 3 and 5 of this Privacy Policy  we sometimes   work with third parties to deliver ads  content or offers.    Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile SDK.    The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include   in their apps to enable ads to be shown  data to be collected  and related services   to be implemented.    We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising   through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your   mobile device  and we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs   into Apalon Apps  for third party advertising.    'If you wish to opt out of interest-based cross-application tracking through your mobile device  you can do so through your device settings  as follows (but please note that the below is for informational purposes only and Apple  Google  or other device platforms may change the manner in which their opt out settings work at any time): Please note that if you opt out through these settings  you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out  but it may not be tailored to your interests. For instance  that advertising may be based on your real-time or contextual application usage or general location inferred from IP address.'  For instance  that advertising may be based on your real-time or   contextual application usage or general location inferred from IP address.    Opting Out on iOS Devices Such as iPhones  iPads or iPods  If you have an Apple device  you can opt out of mobile interest-based or cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher  and setting Limit Ad Tracking to 'ON'. On an iPhone 6 for example  you can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> Privacy -> Advertising and toggling Limit Ad Tracking to 'ON'. Our systems are designed to respect your choice and not use Information to provide interest-based advertising when this setting is ON.  'Opting Out on Android Devices If you have an Android device and would like to opt out of mobile interest-based or cross-app advertising  you may do this as follows: Open the Google Settings app on your device Select Ads Opt out of interest-based ads'  We may sometimes work with partners to help us or help them correlate content or ads provided to users across devices or browsers. For instance  a brand may wish to use the Information that we collect (or data that its own partners collect) to send offers to its customers across both mobile applications and browsers. We thus also provide the links below to the NAI Consumer Opt-out  DAA opt-out  and Google opt-out that are only applicable to participating third parties  which does not include IAC. You may also block certain App Identifiers by changing the settings of your device. However  we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals  as the Internet industry has not reached a consensus as to Do Not Track standards  implementations and solutions.  'https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ 5. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION We may share your Information as follows: We may share your Information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include providing customer service and marketing assistance  performing business and sales analysis  supporting our Apalon Apps functionality  and supporting marketing promotions (e.g.  contests and sweepstakes) surveys and other features offered through our Apalon Apps. These service providers may have limited access to your Information  which is needed to perform their functions  but are not permitted to share or use such Information for any other purposes.'  'We may share your Information as follows:'    When you engage in promotions offered through the Apalon Apps  we may share your Information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products  services  promotions  contests and/or sweepstakes; unless  we have otherwise committed to you that we will not share specific Information you provided. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant's offer or program  you authorize us to provide your email address and other Information to that merchant.  When you elect to engage in a particular merchant's offer or program    you authorize us to provide your email address and other Information to that   merchant.    When you engage in promotions offered through the Apalon Apps    we may share your Information with the businesses with which we partner to offer   you those products  services  promotions  contests and/or sweepstakes; unless    we have otherwise committed to you that we will not share specific Information   you provided.    We may also allow third-parties  including our authorized service providers  parent and subsidiary companies  affiliates  advertising companies and ad networks  to display advertisements in the Apalon Apps or other apps or use App Identifiers for the purpose of advertising and direct marketing. These companies may use technologies to collect data about users  including non-precise and/or precise location data  to help them tailor relevant ads and content and analyze and measure ads' effectiveness or  more generally  brand and mobile audiences. These companies may collect this data through SDKs or from users who view or interact with their advertisements. We combine Information internally at IAC across different Apalon Apps. This means  for example  that we may combine your Information from our Notepad app with Information we have about you in our Emoji app. This will enable us to provide more tailored and personal experiences and services to you across our family of Apalon Apps which are described www.apalon.com  These companies may use technologies to collect data about users    including non-precise and/or precise location data  to help them tailor relevant   ads and content and analyze and measure ads' effectiveness or  more generally    brand and mobile audiences.    We may also allow third-parties  including our authorized service   providers  parent and subsidiary companies  affiliates  advertising companies   and ad networks  to display advertisements in the Apalon Apps or other apps   or use App Identifiers for the purpose of advertising and direct marketing.    Other Situations. We may disclose your Information (i) to respond in good faith to a subpoena or similar investigative demand  a court order  or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; (ii) in connection with efforts to investigate  prevent  or take other action regarding illegal activity  suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; (iii) to protect and defend the rights  property or safety of our company  our users  our employees  or others; (iv) to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; (v) to enforce our Apalon Apps terms and conditions or other agreements or policies; and (vi) in connection with a substantial corporate transaction  such as the sale of our business or the Apalon Apps  a divestiture  merger  consolidation  or asset sale or transfer  or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. In addition  we may share aggregated Information we collect  under any of the above circumstances  with third parties  including advisors  advertisers and investors  for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other legitimate business purposes. Please note that such aggregated Information will not include any Information which allows third parties to identity you.  6. COOKIES  IDENTIFIERS AND DATA ANALYSIS We may collect certain device data and electronic identifiers such as the mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system  your mobile operating system details and the name of your mobile carrier. For example  if you use the iOS platform then Advertiser IDs (also known as IDFAs if you have an Apple device or Android Ad IDs if you have an Android device) may be collected. Other identifiers collected may include IP addresses  OpenUDID  Session ID  ODIn1  iOS Vendor IDs  MAC addresses  IMEI  Android ID for Android platform  and ODIN1 for OS X (together with the IDFAs  the App Identifiers).  For example  if you use the iOS platform then Advertiser IDs (also   known as IDFAs if you have an Apple device or Android Ad IDs if you have   an Android device) may be collected.    Other identifiers collected may include IP addresses  OpenUDID    Session ID  ODIn1  iOS Vendor IDs  MAC addresses  IMEI  Android ID for Android   platform  and ODIN1 for OS X (together with the IDFAs  the App Identifiers).    We may collect certain device data and electronic identifiers such   as the mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system    your mobile operating system details and the name of your mobile carrier.    When you use the Apalon App(s)  we may use the App Identifiers to facilitate access to the Apalon Apps  help us recognize you across different Apalon Apps  to enable you to use the Apalon Apps  to personalize your experience  to increase security  measure the use and effectiveness of our Apalon Apps and serve advertising. You can block certain App Identifiers by changing the settings of your device.  When you use the Apalon App(s)  we may use the App Identifiers   to facilitate access to the Apalon Apps  help us recognize you across different   Apalon Apps  to enable you to use the Apalon Apps  to personalize your experience    to increase security  measure the use and effectiveness of our Apalon Apps and   serve advertising.    We also collect information about how and when you use the Apalon App. This includes the amount of times you used the Apalon App  which parts of it you viewed and other technical data such as country settings and timestamps.  'Firebase Apalon uses the Google Analytics tool Firebase in order to carry out analysis on Information which is gathered by Apalon Apps. App Identifiers and other Information which Apalon gather are provided to Google in order to enable them to carry out data analysis. Any Information (including App Identifiers) which are provided to Google will become subject to Google''s privacy policy which is located here: www.google.com/privacy.html.'  Apalon uses the Google Analytics tool Firebase in order to carry   out analysis on Information which is gathered by Apalon Apps.    App Identifiers and other Information which Apalon gather are provided   to Google in order to enable them to carry out data analysis.    FFor further information on how Google's Firebase analytics tool uses data  please see the site How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps  (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).  Website Cookies Separately to the Apalon Apps  the Apalon website itself uses cookies. Certain information about you  (including personal information)  may be collected through the use of cookies when you visit and interact with our website. Some of these cookies are essential for the Apalon website to operate and ensure that we provide the services you requested. By using our services you agree to the use of certain non-essential cookies unless you set your browser to reject them.  Certain information about you  (including personal information)    may be collected through the use of cookies when you visit and interact with   our website.    Separately to the Apalon Apps  the Apalon website itself uses cookies.    'A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer''s hard drive or browser. We use cookies and the information contained therein for a number of purposes including but not limited to: tracking the duration of visits and content accessed; and storing frequently used user information to personalise your online experience and ease the log-in process.'  A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer's   hard drive or browser.    'We use cookies and the information contained therein for a number   of purposes including but not limited to: tracking the duration of visits and   content accessed; and storing frequently used user information to personalise   your online experience and ease the log-in process.'    You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However  if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies  our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our Site. Further information on cookies and how websites use them can be obtained at www.cookiecentral.com  Further information on cookies and how websites use them can be   obtained at www.cookiecentral.com    However  if you use your browser settings to block all cookies   (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of   our Websites.    Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse   cookies  our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our Site.    You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser   which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.    7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION The security and confidentiality of your Information is very important to us  so we take security measures (including physical  electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your information from unauthorized access and disclosure. Please know that  despite our efforts  no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.  8. INFORMATION RELATING TO CHILDREN The Apalon Apps are not directed to children under the age of 13. If we become aware that Information has been collected from a person under the age of 13  we will delete this Information and terminate the person's account as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have Information from or about a child under the age of 13  please contact us at apalonprivacy@ask.com and we will promptly delete that Information.  9. SOCIAL LOGINS Some of the Apalon Apps may offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this  we will receive certain profile Information about you from your social media provider. The profile Information we receive may very depending on the Apalon App you are using  and on the social media provider concerned  but will often include your name  e-mail address and friends list. We will use the Information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or that are otherwise made clear to you in the Apalon App you are using. Please note that we do not control  and are not responsible for  other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you see their privacy policy to understand how they collect  use and share your Information  and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.  Some of the Apalon Apps may offer you the ability to register and   login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook   or Twitter logins).    The profile Information we receive may very depending on the Apalon   App you are using  and on the social media provider concerned  but will often   include your name  e-mail address and friends list.    Where you choose to do this  we will receive certain profile Information   about you from your social media provider.    10. WHERE WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION The Information that we collect from you may be transferred to  and stored at  a destination outside of your country and the European Economic Area (EEA) and  in particular  the US  which may have different or less protective privacy laws than those in your country. The Information may also be processed by any service providers appointed by us who operate outside the EEA and their staff  and/or our own staff based outside of the EEA. By submitting or permitting us to collect your Information  you agree to this transfer  storing or processing outside of the EEA. Information transferred will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  11. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION We will keep your Information for as long as is necessary to provide you with the Apalon Apps and for us to comply with our obligations under this Privacy Policy and at law. We may retain data after you cease using the Apalon Apps  for instance  for operational  auditing  content or ad measurement purposes  or to analyze and improve the way we provide our services.  12. DATA DELETION Uninstallation and removal methods vary depending on your device. To uninstall and remove the Apalon Apps  please use the application manager provided with your device or consult your device manual or online instructions provided by the device provider for reference.  13. ACCESS TO AND CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION You may have the right to access Information held about you or require it to be modified (if inaccurate) or deleted. Your right of access can be exercised by contacting us using the details set out below. Any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the Information we hold about you.  '14. HOW TO CONTACT US If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our Information-handling practices  or wish to review  amend or delete any Information we are storing  please contact us by email or postal mail as follows: IAC Search and Media Europe Ltd.'  Unit 1  Digiweb Building College Business and Technology Park Blanchardstown\ \ North Road  Dublin 15 Ireland ApalonPrivacy@ask.com \xA9 2017 IAC Search and\ \ Media Europe  Ltd. All rights reserved.  Apps About Careers Media Contact Us Site Map Terms of use Privacy\ \ policy \xA9 2017 IAC Search & Media Technologies Limited. All rights reserved.\ \ Apple  the Apple logo  iPhone  iPad  and iPod touch are trademarks of Apple\ \ Inc.  registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark\ \ of Apple Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.  \xA9 2007-2017 Apalon  We won't collect your e-mail  postal mail  telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising).  We won't collect your e-mail  postal mail  telephone and/or mobile   devices (including through in-application advertising).    Apalon App is not providing you with the option to register using social media account details  like your Facebook  Twitter or other social media account.  Apalon App is not providing you with the option to register using   social media account details  like your Facebook  Twitter or other social media   account.    Some of the Apalon Apps do not offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). We will not receive profile Information about you from your social media provider (e.g.  your name  e-mail address or friends list).  Some of the Apalon Apps do not offer you the ability to register   and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook   or Twitter logins). We will not receive profile Information about you from your   social media provider (e.g.  your name  e-mail address or friends list).    'The information we collect about you (collectively and individually  the Information) does not include: Any information from a social network or public forum provider like Facebook  including when you link an Apalon App to your social network or public forum account (e.g. for registration or social sharing purposes).'  'The information we collect about you (collectively and individually    the Information) does not include: Any information from a social network or   public forum provider like Facebook  including when you link an Apalon App to   your social network or public forum account (e.g. for registration or social   sharing purposes).'    We don't collect your precise geolocation data (which includes the device's cellular  Wi-Fi  Global Positioning System (GPS) networks and/or Bluetooth information).  We don't collect your precise geolocation data (which includes   the device's cellular  Wi-Fi  Global Positioning System (GPS) networks and/or   Bluetooth information).    No development and display of content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location to measure its effectiveness. For instance  we  or these third parties do not serve music-related ads or offers to users who have installed music-related apps (whether or not these are Apalon Apps). Similarly  users who frequently visit music-related venues may likewise not receive ads or offers to install music-related apps; Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys; Enforce our terms  conditions and policies and to communicate with you;  No development and display of content and advertising (and work   with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location to   measure its effectiveness. For instance  we  or these third parties do not serve   music-related ads or offers to users who have installed music-related apps (whether   or not these are Apalon Apps). Similarly  users who frequently visit music-related   venues may likewise not receive ads or offers to install music-related apps;   Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes   and in order to conduct polls and surveys; Enforce our terms  conditions and   policies and to communicate with you;    We won't collect identification data such as your name  email address or other account or registration data.  We won't collect identification data such as your name  email address   or other account or registration data.    We do not allow third-parties  including our authorized service providers  parent and subsidiary companies  affiliates  advertising companies and ad networks  to display advertisements in the Apalon Apps or other apps or use App Identifiers for the purpose of advertising and direct marketing. These companies may not use technologies to collect data about users  such as non-precise and/or precise location data.  We do not allow third-parties  including our authorized service   providers  parent and subsidiary companies  affiliates  advertising companies   and ad networks  to display advertisements in the Apalon Apps or other apps   or use App Identifiers for the purpose of advertising and direct marketing.   These companies may not use technologies to collect data about users  such as   non-precise and/or precise location data.    Other identifiers not collected include IP addresses  OpenUDID  Session ID  ODIn1  iOS Vendor IDs  MAC addresses  IMEI  Android ID for Android platform  and ODIN1 for OS X (together with the IDFAs  the App Identifiers).  Other identifiers not collected include IP addresses  OpenUDID    Session ID  ODIn1  iOS Vendor IDs  MAC addresses  IMEI  Android ID for Android   platform  and ODIN1 for OS X (together with the IDFAs  the App Identifiers).    You do not need to block cookies because we are not using them.  You do not need to block cookies because we are not using them.    For instance  that advertising may not be based on your real-time or contextual application usage nor the general location inferred from IP address.  For instance  that advertising may not be based on your real-time   or contextual application usage nor the general location inferred from IP   address.    For example  if you use the iOS platform then Advertiser IDs (also known as IDFAs if you have an Apple device or Android Ad IDs if you have an Android device) may are not collected. Other identifiers not collected include IP addresses  OpenUDID  Session ID  ODIn1  iOS Vendor IDs  MAC addresses  IMEI  Android ID for Android platform  and ODIN1 for OS X (together with the IDFAs  the App Identifiers). ... Apalon doesn't use the Google Analytics tool Firebase. App Identifiers and other Information which Apalon does not gather are neither provided to Google.  For example  if you use the iOS platform then Advertiser IDs (also   known as IDFAs if you have an Apple device or Android Ad IDs if you have   an Android device) may are not collected. Other identifiers not collected include   IP addresses  OpenUDID  Session ID  ODIn1  iOS Vendor IDs  MAC addresses  IMEI    Android ID for Android platform  and ODIN1 for OS X (together with the IDFAs    the App Identifiers). ... Apalon doesn't use the Google Analytics tool Firebase.   App Identifiers and other Information which Apalon does not gather are neither   provided to Google.    Separately to the Apalon Apps  the Apalon website itself doesn't use cookies.  Separately to the Apalon Apps  the Apalon website itself doesn't   use cookies.    You can't share your Information with us via a social network provider like Facebook.  You can't share your Information with us via a social network provider   like Facebook.    We are not collecting your geolocation data (e.g.  precise GPS-level location data) nor the time the location was recorded.  We are not collecting your geolocation data (e.g.  precise GPS-level   location data) nor the time the location was recorded.    We do not automatically collect Information from your device when you use the Apalon App nor do we receive Information about your device  carrier or other technical data.  We do not automatically collect Information from your device when   you use the Apalon App nor do we receive Information about your device  carrier   or other technical data.    'Last Updated: March 31  2017 TABLE OF CONTENTS: 1. Introduction 2. Data We Collect 3. How We Use The Information We Collect 4. Cross-App Advertising and Other Interest-Based Advertising Technologies 5. Sharing Your Information 6. No Cookies  identifiers and data analysis 7. How We Protect Your Information 8. Information Relating to Children 9. Social Logins 10. Where We Store Your Information 11. How Long We Store Your Information 12. Data Deletion 13. Access To and Choices Regarding Your Information 14. How To Contact Us 1. INTRODUCTION This Apalon Apps branded mobile application and any services provided through this application (the Apalon App and collectively  the Apalon Apps) a list of which is available at www.apalon.com are provided to you by IAC Search and Media Europe  Ltd.  an Irish registered company  with company number 373923 and its registered office at Unit 1  Digiweb Building  College Business and Technology Park  Blanchardstown North Road  Dublin 15  Ireland (referred to as IAC  we  us or our). Our Privacy Policy applies when you use any of the Apalon Apps and should be read together with the End User License Agreement EULA. By using an Apalon App  you are consenting to our processing of your information in ways set out in this Privacy Policy.'  'Last Updated: March 31  2017 TABLE OF CONTENTS: 1. Introduction   2. Data We Collect 3. How We Use The Information We Collect 4. Cross-App Advertising   and Other Interest-Based Advertising Technologies 5. Sharing Your Information   6. No Cookies  identifiers and data analysis 7. How We Protect Your Information   8. Information Relating to Children 9. Social Logins 10. Where We Store Your   Information 11. How Long We Store Your Information 12. Data Deletion 13. Access   To and Choices Regarding Your Information 14. How To Contact Us 1. INTRODUCTION   This Apalon Apps branded mobile application and any services provided through   this application (the Apalon App and collectively  the Apalon Apps) a list   of which is available at www.apalon.com are provided to you by IAC Search and   Media Europe  Ltd.  an Irish registered company  with company number 373923   and its registered office at Unit 1  Digiweb Building  College Business and   Technology Park  Blanchardstown North Road  Dublin 15  Ireland (referred to   as IAC  we  us or our). Our Privacy Policy applies when you use any   of the Apalon Apps and should be read together with the End User License Agreement   EULA. By using an Apalon App  you are consenting to our processing of your information   in ways set out in this Privacy Policy.'    We may not collect device data and electronic identifiers such as the mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system  your mobile operating system details or the name of your mobile carrier.  We may not collect device data and electronic identifiers such   as the mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system    your mobile operating system details or the name of your mobile carrier.    For example  if you use the iOS platform then Advertiser IDs (also known as IDFAs if you have an Apple device or Android Ad IDs if you have an Android device) may not be collected.  For example  if you use the iOS platform then Advertiser IDs (also   known as IDFAs if you have an Apple device or Android Ad IDs if you have   an Android device) may not be collected.    We don't work with third parties to deliver ads  content or offers. We are not using any mobile SDK. The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown  data to be collected  and related services to be implemented. We don't use these or similar technology.  We don't work with third parties to deliver ads  content or offers.   We are not using any mobile SDK. The SDK is a bit of computer code that app   developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown  data to be collected    and related services to be implemented. We don't use these or similar technology.    When you engage in promotions offered through the Apalon Apps  we may not share your Information with the businesses with which we partner. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant's offer or program we won't provide your email address and other Information to that merchant.  When you engage in promotions offered through the Apalon Apps    we may not share your Information with the businesses with which we partner.   When you elect to engage in a particular merchant's offer or program we won't   provide your email address and other Information to that merchant.    A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer's hard drive or browser. We don't use cookies and the information contained therein.  A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer's   hard drive or browser. We don't use cookies and the information contained therein.    When you use the Apalon App(s)  we are not using the App Identifiers to facilitate access to the Apalon Apps.  When you use the Apalon App(s)  we are not using the App Identifiers   to facilitate access to the Apalon Apps.    