 Stations Podcasts Charts News Apps Favorites  English Espa\xF1ol Portugu\xEAs Login Stations Podcasts Charts News\ \ Apps  English Espa\xF1ol Portugu\xEAs Download App Search more than 35000\ \ radio stations worldwide Privacy policy This Privacy Policy governs the manner\ \ in which myTuner collects  uses  maintains and discloses information collected\ \ from users (each  a \User\) of myTuner Mobile Applications (\Apps\). This\ \ privacy policy applies to the Apps and all products and services offered by\ \ myTuner  including its website.  By using the Apps or accessing the website you accept this policy. If you do not agree with it  please do not use our apps or website.  This policy is an integral part of the Terms of Service (https://www.mytuner.mobi/terms/)  Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways  including  but not limited to  when Users visit our apps  register on the apps  and in connection with other activities  services  features or resources we make available on our apps. Users may be asked for  as appropriate  email address. Users may  however  visit our apps anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information  however it may prevent them from engaging in certain apps related activities.  Users may be asked for  as appropriate  email address.    'We may automatically collect: * Location Information that allows us to periodically determine your location  including your location relative to and within third party merchant locations. * Device and Usage Information that may include (i) information specific to your mobile device (e.g.  make  model  operating system  device identifier and similar information); (ii) information about your use of features  functions  or notifications on the device; and (iii) signal strength relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality  temperature  battery level  and similar technical data. * Identifiers that you use to log in to or use our service  such as your user name or Facebook ID  and the public data associated with it.'  Device and Usage Information that may include    Location Information that allows us to periodically determine your   location  including your location relative to and within third party merchant   locations.    'We may automatically collect:'    information specific to your mobile device (e.g.  make  model    operating system  device identifier and similar information)    signal strength relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality  temperature    battery level  and similar technical data.    Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name  location  the type of device and OS version  and other technical information about Users  means of connection to our apps  as well as the way they use the App in the different menus and functions used. We also collect information  such as anonymous usage statistics  by using cookies  server logs  and other similar technology as you use myTuner.  Non-personal identification information may include the browser   name  location  the type of device and OS version  and other technical information   about Users  means of connection to our apps  as well as the way they use the   App in the different menus and functions used.    We may collect non-personal identification information about Users   whenever they interact with our apps.    Cookies myTuner also automatically collects your IP address and referring website address  browser type  domain name and website/App access frequency. This information is intended to help facilitate your experience. In order to so Mytuner uses cookies  which  if you allow their use  store small amounts of data on your device when you visit a website/use an app.  In order to so Mytuner uses cookies  which  if you allow their   use  store small amounts of data on your device when you visit a website/use   an app.    This information is intended to help facilitate your experience.    myTuner also automatically collects your IP address and referring   website address  browser type  domain name and website/App access frequency.    Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. myTuner may use both session cookies (disappear after you close your browser) and persistent cookies (used by your browser on subsequent visits).  Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric   characters.    myTuner may use both session cookies (disappear after you close   your browser) and persistent cookies (used by your browser on subsequent visits).    You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your settings (e.g. navigating in anonymous mode or changing your IDFA settings). myTuner uses cookies to track usage patterns and to control the display of ads  as well as to offer other functionalities.  You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying   your settings (e.g.    myTuner uses cookies to track usage patterns and to control the   display of ads  as well as to offer other functionalities.    navigating in anonymous mode or changing your IDFA settings).    Third parties that advertise goods or services in our App or website may also use cookies to track your use of the Service. We advise you to check the privacy policies of these Advertisers for information about their cookie usage and other privacy practices. Advertisers may also use cookies to track your online activities across websites over time to provide interest-based advertising.  Third parties that advertise goods or services in our App or website   may also use cookies to track your use of the Service.    myTuner uses Google Analytics. If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use information about your use of the Service  then you can install an opt-out in your web browser (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).  'How we use collected information myTuner may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes: * To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently. * Provide user and other support  including to our third-party business partners. * Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.'  '* To send periodic emails on company news  updates  related product or service information  etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe  we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via email. * The app can share collected location and bluetooth data for Interest-Based Advertising: Allowing Advertisers to infer interests and serve ads to users based on their app activity and location data over time'  'The app can share collected location and bluetooth data for Interest-Based   Advertising: Allowing Advertisers to infer interests and serve ads to users   based on their app activity and location data over time'    How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection  storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access  alteration  disclosure or destruction of your personal information  username  password  transaction information and data stored on our apps. * To prevent the collection of Location Information on iOS mobile devices  disable the location services feature on the settings of your device. * To prevent the collection of Location Information on Android devices disable Bluetooth and Location.  '* To prevent the collection of Location Information on Android   devices disable Bluetooth and Location.'    '* To prevent the collection of Location Information on iOS mobile   devices  disable the location services feature on the settings of your device.'    How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection    storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized   access  alteration  disclosure or destruction of your personal information    username  password  transaction information and data stored on our apps.    '* On iOS devices you can opt-out from any interest-based advertising. Go on Settings. Privacy  Advertising and then click on Limit Ad-tracking. When you have opted out using this setting on a device  advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests'  'Sharing your personal information We may share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information. Our third-party business partners may use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to: * Operate and improve their services; * Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services or send you other notifications based on variables such as your location  and assess your level of engagement with them; * Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.'  'Our third-party business partners may use the information either   for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to:'    Provide you with advertisements and information for products and   services or send you other notifications based on variables such as your location    and assess your level of engagement with them;    We may share the information we collect with third-party business   partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of   the information.    Changes to this privacy policy myTuner has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do  we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.  Your acceptance of these terms By using our apps  you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy  please do not use our apps. Your continued use of the Apps following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.  Your rights Pursuant to data protection laws  you have the right\ \ to access  modify  rectify and delete any of your individual data we might possess.\ \ To do so  please write to help@mytuner.mobi or to: AppGeneration Software Technologies \ \ Lda Praceta Adelino Amaro da Costa 778-3\xBAE 4050-012 Porto Portugal Contacting\ \ us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  the practices of this\ \ site  or your dealings with this site  please contact us at: myTuner http://www.mytuner.mobi/\ \ help@mytuner.mobi This document was last updated on Jul 13  2016 About us Frequently\ \ Asked Questions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Broadcasters Apps Contact us  \xA9 AppGeneration 2017. All Rights reserved Design by Close We use\ \ cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to visit this site you agree\ \ to our use of cookies. Learn more  All Rights reserved Design by Close We use cookies to enhance your   experience.    By continuing to visit this site you agree to our use of cookies.    Learn more    \xA9 AppGeneration 2017.    