 This privacy policy governs the manner in which Chat Alternative collects  uses  maintains and discloses information collected from users of the https://chatalternative.com website (Site) or our mobile application (Application). The terms we  us  and our refer to Chat Alternative. The terms you  your  yours  user and visitor refer to the visitor using  accessing  or viewing our Site or Application. The term Product refer to our Site or our Application. The term Chatroulette refer to the concept of chat service with random partner. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect  use  protect or otherwise handle information in accordance with our Products.  Chat Alternative has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.  By using our Products  you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy  please do not use our Products. Your continued use of our Products following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.  PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION Personal identification information (PII) is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify  contact  or locate a single person  or to identify an individual in context. We do not collect personal identification information about you without consent. In other words  we do not collect information such as your name  address  phone number or email address. We will collect personal identification information such as name or email from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through contact form or email.  In other words  we do not collect information such as your name    address  phone number or email address.    We will collect personal identification information such as name   or email from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through   contact form or email.    NON-PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Chatroulette. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name  the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Products  such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. We can collect Users geographic location limited to country code and state code. The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous.  The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that   isn't continuous.    We can collect Users geographic location limited to country code   and state code.    HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION Chat Alternative may collect and use Users information to run and operate our Products. We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services. Our Chatroulette does not currently recognize the Do Not Track signal that may be available in some web browsers.  COOKIES Our Products may use cookies to enhance User experience. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance  they are used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity  which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies  or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so  note that some parts of our Chatroulette may not function properly.  Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers   to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables   the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture   and remember certain information.    For instance  they are used to help us understand your preferences   based on previous or current site activity  which enables us to provide you   with improved services.    If they do so  note that some parts of our Chatroulette may not   function properly.    Our Products may use cookies to enhance User experience.    User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies  or   to alert you when cookies are being sent.    We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site   traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and   tools in the future.    HOW DO WE PROTECT VISITOR INFORMATION? We adopt appropriate data collection  storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access  alteration  disclosure or destruction of your information and data stored on our servers. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems  and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition  all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.  THIRD PARTY DISCLOSURE We do not rent  sell  trade  or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our Products  conducting our business  or servicing you  so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law  enforce our Products policies  or protect ours or others' rights  property  or safety.  However  non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing  advertising  or other uses.  Our products may use Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (Google). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of our Products  to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  Our products may use services and widgets provided by social networks (Facebook Like button  Google+ button  Twitter Tweet button). These services allow interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from our Products. The interaction and information obtained by such services are always subject to the User's privacy settings for each social network. If a service enabling interaction with social networks is installed it may still collect traffic data for the Chatroulette where the service is installed  even when Users do not use it.  THIRD PARTY LINKS Occasionally  at our discretion  we may include or offer third party products or services in our Products. These third party products have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked products. Nonetheless  we seek to protect the integrity of our Products and welcome any feedback about these third parties.  This document was last updated on May 06  2015  