 Djinnworks StickmanSkateBattle MAIN Games Team Contact us  PrevNext PRIVACY POLICY SOCIAL SHARE POSTS START SOCIAL SHARE POSTS END THE CONTENT START  Djinnworks GmbH Privacy Policy Djinnworks GmbH (Djinnworks) has adopted this privacy policy (Privacy Policy) to explain how Djinnworks collects  stores  and uses the information collected in connection with Djinnwork's products  services and websites.In this policy we may also refer to Djinnworks as We or Us.  What we collect and how we use it We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser or operating system)  web beacons  or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device. Our systems also logs information like your browser  operating system  IP address and anonymous usage data so we can deliver a better experience.  Our systems also logs information like your browser  operating   system  IP address and anonymous usage data so we can deliver a better experience.    We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser   or operating system)  web beacons  or unique device identifiers to anonymously   identify your computer or device.    What we share We do not sell  trade  or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated anonymous and demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners  trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.  We may share generic aggregated anonymous and demographic information   not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and   users with our business partners  trusted affiliates and advertisers for the   purposes outlined above.    What we don't collect We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words  we do not collect information such as your name  address  phone number or email address.  In other words  we do not collect information such as your name    address  phone number or email address.    We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information  please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.  We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.  We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.    We generally do not collect nor share personally identifiable information (such as name  address  email or phone) with other companies.  We generally do not collect nor share personally identifiable information   (such as name  address  email or phone) with other companies.    Third Party  Services  Ads and Analytics Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device  but is not linked to your identity.  Interest and location data may be linked to your device  but is   not linked to your identity.    Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.  Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP   address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used.    In order to serve you  we may share your anonymous information with other companies  including vendors and contractors. Their use of information is limited to these purposes  and subject to agreements that require them to keep the information confidential. Our vendors provide assurance that they take reasonable steps to safeguard the data they hold on our behalf  although data security cannot be guaranteed.  'To operate the service  we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent  (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law  (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property  or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger  acquisition  liquidation  dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases  but we will attempt to notify you  to the extent permitted by law to do so.'  Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.  Security We take reasonable steps to secure your information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However  no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.  Your acceptance of these terms By using this site or app  you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy  please do not use our site or app. Your continued use of the site or app following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.  Changes to this privacy policy This privacy policy was last updated on 17th  november 2012. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. We will update the last modification date whenever we change our policy.  'If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies  please contact us: privacy@djinnworks.at PRIVACY POLICY SOCIAL SHARE POSTS START SOCIAL SHARE POSTS END THE CONTENT START'  'If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies  please contact us: privacy@djinnworks.at StickmanSkateBattle MAIN Games Team Contact us StickmanSkateBattle MAIN Games Team Contact us'  undefined  