 Last Updated September 3  2015 PRIVACY PRACTICES FOR THE APPLICATION This privacy policy  along with the OneLouder Privacy Policy (available at www.onelouder.com/privacy)  governs our data practices in connection with your use of the 1Weather application on your mobile device. 1Weather is created by OneLouder Apps Inc.  a subsidiary of Pinsight Media +  Inc. (OneLouder  we  us or our). Pinsight Media +  Inc. is a subsidiary of Sprint Corporation.  What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?  We collect personal information about you in various ways. We may also get information from other sources and may combine it with information we collect about you. Personal information includes information that is used to identify you  and does not include aggregate or anonymous information.  With your consent  in addition to information collected by the application to provide relevant weather-related information  we also collect certain information from users  including location information  data connection status and success/failure of connection. This information does not identify you personally and may be used to improve our services and for network analysis.  With your consent  in addition to information collected by the   application to provide relevant weather-related information  we also collect   certain information from users  including location information  data connection   status and success/failure of connection.    'User Provided Information - The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and use the Application. We may ask that you provide: (a) your name  email address  age  user name  password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information  such as when you make purchases  respond to any offers  or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; and (d) information you enter into our system when using the Application  such as contact information and project management information. We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information  required notices and marketing promotions.'  We may ask that you provide    information you enter into our system when using the Application    such as contact information and project management information.    information you provide us when you contact us for help; and    your name  email address  age  user name  password and other registration   information    your name  email address  age  user name  password and other registration   information;    'Automatically Collected Information - In addition  the Application may collect certain information automatically  such as: the type of mobile device you use  mobile device identifiers  such as the resettable advertising identifier assigned to your device   the IP address of your mobile device  the location of your device  your mobile operating system  Wi-Fi mac address in your area  the type of mobile Internet browsers you use  and information about the way you use the Application. See Automatic Data Collection and Advertising section for examples.'  'Automatically Collected Information - In addition  the Application   may collect certain information automatically  such as: the type of mobile device   you use  mobile device identifiers  such as the resettable advertising identifier   assigned to your device  the IP address of your mobile device  the location   of your device  your mobile operating system  Wi-Fi mac address in your area    the type of mobile Internet browsers you use  and information about the way   you use the Application.'    'Automatically Collected Information - In addition  the Application   may collect certain information automatically  such as: the type of mobile device   you use  mobile device identifiers  such as the resettable advertising identifier   assigned to your device   the IP address of your mobile device  the location   of your device  your mobile operating system  Wi-Fi mac address in your area    the type of mobile Internet browsers you use  and information about the way   you use the Application.'    Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?  Yes. This application does collect information about the location of your device. We collect location information using network triangulation  GPS and Wi-Fi IP address to determine your general device location.  This application does collect information about the location of   your device.    We collect location information using network triangulation  GPS   and Wi-Fi IP address to determine your general device location.    We use your location information to provide you with weather forecasts and other weather information for your area  nearby weather related tweets from Twitter and pertinent localized advertising to you within the application.  We use your location information to provide you with weather forecasts   and other weather information for your area  nearby weather related tweets from   Twitter and pertinent localized advertising to you within the application.    We also may collect location information and other diagnostic information through the Application for network analytics and troubleshooting purposes. This data is not associated with personally identifiable information. We may share this data with service providers and affiliates.  This data is not associated with personally identifiable information.    We also may collect location information and other diagnostic information   through the Application for network analytics and troubleshooting purposes.    We may share this data with service providers and affiliates.    'You may at any time opt-out from further allowing the Application to have access to your location data by: deactivating Location in Settings on your Android device. deleting the application from your device.'  'You may at any time opt-out from further allowing the Application   to have access to your location data by: deactivating Location in Settings on   your Android device.'    deleting the application from your device.    Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?  Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained   by the Application?    'Yes. We may share your information with third parties generally in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law  such as to comply with a subpoena  or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights  protect your safety or the safety of others  investigate fraud  or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf  do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them  and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement. with third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising. with affiliated companies.'  'We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:'    We may share your information with third parties generally in the   ways that are described in this privacy statement.    with third party advertising networks and analytics companies as   described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising.    'Automatic Data Collection and Advertising We may use tools or third party analytical software to collect and use certain non-personal data that does not enable us to identify you. The types of non-personal data we may collect and use include  but are not limited to: (i) mobile device identifiers  such as the resettable advertising identifier assigned to your device; (ii) mobile device type and device properties; (iii) mobile device software platform and firmware; (iv) mobile phone carrier; (v) geographical data; and (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required by us to enhance our services.'  'The types of non-personal data we may collect and use include    but are not limited to:'    We may use tools or third party analytical software to collect   and use certain non-personal data that does not enable us to identify you.    geographical data    mobile device identifiers  such as the resettable advertising identifier   assigned to your device;    mobile phone carrier;    We reserve the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data in an anonymized and obfuscated way for purposes of advertisement by us or our partners. We do not pass any personally identifiable information to ad networks or advertisers.  We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used  such as the frequency and duration of usage. We also work with advertisers and third party advertising companies that collect information about how you interact with advertising and content provided in the Application  which helps us keep the cost of the Application free. Advertisers and advertising companies use some of the information collected by the Application  including the advertising identifier assigned to your mobile device to serve advertisements that are targeted to your interests in the Application. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you've downloaded to your mobile device  the mobile websites and applications you visit  and your location in order to help analyze user behavior and serve targeted advertising on the Application and on other applications and websites. To learn how to opt out of the use of information collected from this Application for targeted advertising purposes  please see the Managing Your Informatin section of this policy. If you have allowed us to collect information about your location  we may share it with our ad network partners in order to tailor the ads we display. The paid Pro versions of this app do not contain advertising and will not use your data in this way. The advertising SDK (software development kit) will still collect the information but will not use it to serve you targeted advertisements. If you have questions or concerns about this  please contact privacy@onelouder.com.  Advertisers and advertising companies use some of the information   collected by the Application  including the advertising identifier assigned   to your mobile device to serve advertisements that are targeted to your interests   in the Application.    If you have allowed us to collect information about your location    we may share it with our ad network partners in order to tailor the ads we display.    The advertising SDK (software development kit) will still collect   the information but will not use it to serve you targeted advertisements.    The paid Pro versions of this app do not contain advertising   and will not use your data in this way.    These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about   other applications you've downloaded to your mobile device  the mobile websites   and applications you visit  and your location in order to help analyze user   behavior and serve targeted advertising on the Application and on other applications   and websites.    If you'd like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising  please visit the section entitled Managing Your Information below.  Managing Your Information You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by; deactivating Location in Settings on your Android device  Managing Your Information You may at any time opt-out from further   allowing us to have access to your location data by; deactivating Location in   Settings on your Android devic    You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.  In the event you have uninstalled the Application and want us to stop using your User Provided Information  please submit a thorough description at privacy@onelouder.com and we will respond to your request in a reasonable period of time. We only retain User Provided Information as described in our Retention Policy below.  To opt out of the use of information collected by our advertising partners across different applications to serve ads that are targeted to your interests  please consult the settings available on your device (Opt out of interest-based ads on your Android device or Limit Ad Tracking on your iPhone or iPad). To learn more about interest-based advertising based on web browsing activity and to opt out of advertising based on your web browsing activities by companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance  please visit aboutads.info.  Business Transfers Personal information about you may be disclosed as part of any merger  acquisition  or sale of company assets. In the unlikely event of an insolvency  bankruptcy or receivership  personal information may also be transferred as a business asset.  Children We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent  he or she should contact us at privacy@onelouder.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.  Security We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your personal information. We provide physical  electronic  and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example  we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate  develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that  although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for personal information we process and maintain  no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.  Data Retention Policy We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 12 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you'd like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application  please contact us at privacy@onelouder.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.  'Changes This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here: http://1weatherapp.com/privacy and as applicable  if the application obtains email and/or phone number  informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.'  Changes This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for   any reason.    'We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting   the new Privacy Policy here: http://1weatherapp.com/privacy and as applicable    if the application obtains email and/or phone number  informing you via email   or text message.'    You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any   changes.    Your Consent By using the Services  you are consenting to our processing of User Provided and Automatically Collection information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. Processing  means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way  including  but not limited to  collecting  storing  deleting  using  combining and disclosing information. If you reside outside the U.S. your information will be transferred to the U.S.  and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us  you consent to such transfer to  and processing in  the US.  'Processing  means using cookies on a computer/hand held device   or using or touching information in any way  including  but not limited to    collecting  storing  deleting  using  combining and disclosing information.'    Contact Us - If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application  or have questions about our practices  please submit a thorough description at privacy@onelouder.com.  