 (Wix-Logo) Create a Wix site! 100s of templates No coding needed Start now >> (Wix Logo) This site was created using WIX.com.  Create your own for FREE >> tularikatutyres Create best tularikatutyres\ \ and get the first place and lots of friends. \u0444\u0430\u0431\u0431\u0438  tularikatutyres politics Privacy policy Cartoon Face Privacy policy\ \ Carikatutyres More Carikatutyres \xA9 2023 by Radiome. Proudly created with\ \ Wix.com Privacy Policies This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve\ \ those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information'\ \ (PII) is being used online. PII  as described in US privacy law and information\ \ security  is information that can be used on its own or with other information\ \ to identify  contact  or locate a single person  or to identify an individual\ \ in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding\ \ of how we collect  use  protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable\ \ Information in accordance with our website.  What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog  website or app?  When ordering or registering on our site  as appropriate  you may be asked to enter your name or other details to help you with your experience.  When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.  How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect\ \ from you when you register  make a purchase  sign up for our newsletter  respond\ \ to a survey or marketing communication  surf the website  or use certain other\ \ site features in the following ways: \u2022 To personalize your experience and\ \ to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you\ \ are most interested.  How do we protect your information? We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.  We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.  We do not use Malware Scanning.  We do not use an SSL certificate \u2022 We only provide articles\ \ and information. We never ask for personal or private information like names \ \ email addresses  or credit card numbers.  We never ask for personal or private information like names  email   addresses  or credit card numbers.    Do we use 'cookies'? We do not use cookies for tracking purposes You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent  or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different  look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.  We do not use cookies for tracking purposes    If you turn cookies off  some features will be disabled. that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.  If you turn cookies off  some features will be disabled.    that make your site experience more efficient and may not function   properly.    However  you will still be able to place orders .  Third-party disclosure We do not sell  trade  or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.  Third-party links We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.  Google Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.  https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.  Google  as a third-party vendor  uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.  Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our   users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet.    Google  as a third-party vendor  uses cookies to serve ads on our   site.    Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the   Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.    We have implemented the following: \u2022 Google Display Network\ \ Impression Reporting  We  along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.  We  along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party   cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such   as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile   data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions   as they relate to our website.    'Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively  you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.'  no matter COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old  the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission  United States' consumer protection agency  enforces the COPPA Rule  which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.  We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.  Fair Information Practices The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.  In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take\ \ the following responsive action  should a data breach occur: \u2022 Other  We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users  but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.  CAN SPAM Act The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email  establishes requirements for commercial messages  gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them  and spells out tough penalties for violations.  'We collect your email address in order to: To be in accordance with CANSPAM  we agree to the following: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails  you can email us at'  'We collect your email address in order to:'    and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.  Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy  you may contact us using the information below.  Caricatures Masquerade Cartoon  Minsk 220000 Belarus volha.frajlisa@gmail.com Last Edited on 2016-12-08  We do not collect your email address: \u2026  We do not collect your email address: \u2026    We do not use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) or third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers.  We do not use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics   cookies) or third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party   identifiers.    We do not use cookies for tracking purposes  We do not use cookies for tracking purposes    We will not use cookies.  We will not use cookies.    We never ask for personal or private information like names  email addresses  or credit card numbers.  We never ask for personal or private information like names  email   addresses  or credit card numbers.    Third-party vendors do not use cookies to serve ads on our site. We are not using Google's DART cookie  which enbables serving ads to our users based on previous visits to other sites on the Internet.  Third-party vendors do not use cookies to serve ads on our site.   We are not using Google's DART cookie  which enbables serving ads to our users   based on previous visits to other sites on the Internet.    