 Information we collect How we use information we collect Sharing your information with Third Parties.  Data Transfers  Storage and Processing Globally Data Security and Integrity Third Party Sites.  'Children Accessing and updating your personal information Enforcement Changes to this Privacy Policy Contact Information Privacy Policy Last Modified : March 28  2017 NEOWIZ Corporation(NW) respect the privacy rights of consumers and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you. So we''ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect  use  disclose  transfer  and store your information. As you use our services  we want you to be clear how we''re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY  PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY NWG SITE  ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCT OR SERVICE.'  Information we collect We collect information to provide services to all of our users in two ways. Information you give us.  Many of our services require you to sign up for a Pmang(http://www.pmang.com) Account. When you do  we'll ask for personal information  like your name  email address  telephone number. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer  we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Profile  which may include your name and photo. Information we get from your use of our services.  Many of our services require you to sign up for a Pmang(http://www.pmang.com)   Account.    When you do  we'll ask for personal information  like your name    email address  telephone number.    'We may collect information about the services that you use. This information includes:'  -. Device information We may collect device-specific information  such as your hardware model  operating system version  mobile unique device ID(If applicable)  and mobile network information including phone number.  We may collect device-specific information  such as your hardware   model  operating system version  mobile unique device ID(If applicable)  and   mobile network information including phone number.    -. Log information  When you use our services  we may automatically collect and store\ \ certain information in server logs. This may include: \uF0A7 details of how\ \ you used our service  such as your search queries. \uF0A7 Internet protocol\ \ address. \uF0A7 device event information such as crashes  system activity  hardware\ \ settings  language. \uF0A7 cookies that may uniquely identify your Pmang Account.  Internet protocol address.    'This may include: details of how you used our service  such as   your search queries.'    When you use our services  we may automatically collect and store   certain information in server logs.    cookies that may uniquely identify your Pmang Account.    device event information such as crashes  system activity  hardware   settings  language.    -. Location information  When you use a location-enabled service  we may collect and process information about your actual location  like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location  such as sensor data from your device that may  for example  provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.  We may also use various technologies to determine location  such   as sensor data from your device that may  for example  provide information on   nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.    When you use a location-enabled service  we may collect and process   information about your actual location  like GPS signals sent by a mobile device.    -. Unique application numbers  Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example  the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to us when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers  such as for automatic updates.  -. Cookies  Cookies are pieces of information that a website places on the hard drive of your computer when you visit the website. Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you directly to us  to another party on our behalf  or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use cookies to bring together information we collect about you. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent  or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different  so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off  you won't have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. Information provided to NWG by Third Parties.  Cookies are pieces of information that a website places on the   hard drive of your computer when you visit the website.    Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to   you and from you directly to us  to another party on our behalf  or to another   party in accordance with its privacy policy.    We may use cookies to bring together information we collect about   you.    We may also receive other information from third parties  including in connection with the operation and distribution of our products and services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you. Some third party services such as Twitter and Facebook may also provide us with information from your accounts there with your permission.  Some third party services such as Twitter and Facebook may also   provide us with information from your accounts there with your permission.    We may also receive other information from third parties  including   in connection with the operation and distribution of our products and services   as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal   and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you.    By playing an NWG game through a social network or other third party platform or service or by connecting to such a third party network  platform or service via one of our products and/or services  you are authorizing NWG to collect  store  and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide to NWG through the social network/third party platform Application Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party social network or platform. Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network  platform or service via our products and/or services  and/or when you connect with  accept or allow (or similar terms) one of our applications through a social network  or other third party platform or service.  By playing an NWG game through a social network or other third   party platform or service or by connecting to such a third party network  platform   or service via one of our products and/or services  you are authorizing NWG   to collect  store  and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all   information that you agreed the social network or other third party platform   could provide to NWG through the social network/third party platform Application   Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party social   network or platform.    Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party   network  platform or service via our products and/or services  and/or when you   connect with  accept or allow (or similar terms) one of our applications   through a social network  or other third party platform or service.    We may also collect or receive information about you from other NWG users who choose to upload their email and other contacts. This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect. We may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you.  This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help   you and your friends connect.    We may also collect or receive information about you from other   NWG users who choose to upload their email and other contacts.    We may also receive information from third parties in connection   with market and demographic studies and/or other data that we use to supplement   personal information provided directly by you.    How we use information we collect We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide  maintain  protect and improve them  to develop new ones  and to protect NWG and our users.  From time to time  we may use your personal information to send important notices  such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms  conditions  and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with NWG  you may not opt out of receiving these communications.  We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing  data analysis  and research to improve NWG's products  services  and customer communications  If you enter into a sweepstake  contest  or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.  By use of friend finder tools in our online and mobile products and services  you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Pmang Account (and related gaming entitlements  including games played on PC and mobile platforms) with your social networking profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends' list will be subject to this privacy policy.  By use of friend finder tools in our online and mobile products   and services  you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help   you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Pmang   Account (and related gaming entitlements  including games played on PC and mobile   platforms) with your social networking profile and/or email address.    Your resulting friends' list will be subject to this privacy policy.    If you choose to use our referral service to Tell a Friend about an NWG product or site  we will ask you for your friend's email address or telephone number. We will send your friend an email or SMS(short message service) on your behalf inviting him or her to visit the site or check out our product.  If you choose to use our referral service to Tell a Friend about   an NWG product or site  we will ask you for your friend's email address or telephone   number.    We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.  Sharing your information with Third Parties.  We will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent. We may  however  share non-personally identifiable  aggregated and/or public information with third parties.  From time to time  we employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery  product  prize or promotional fulfillment  contest administration  credit card processing  shipping or other services on our sites. When requesting these services  you may be asked to supply your name  mailing address  telephone number and email address to our contractors. When our third party agents or service providers collect and/or have access any information other than non-personal  anonymous and/or aggregated data  we requires that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policy. These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent.  From time to time  we employs third party contractors to collect   personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery  product  prize   or promotional fulfillment  contest administration  credit card processing    shipping or other services on our sites.    These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information   for any other purpose without your specific consent.    When our third party agents or service providers collect and/or   have access any information other than non-personal  anonymous and/or aggregated   data  we requires that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policy.    When requesting these services  you may be asked to supply your   name  mailing address  telephone number and email address to our contractors.    As above  our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval  email privacy@help.pmang.com or write to Privacy Policy Administrator  NEOWIZ PANGYO TOWER  14  Daewangpangyo-ro 645beon-gil  Bundang-gu  Seongnam-si  Gyeonggi-do  463-400  Korea.  We may also access and disclose personal information  including personal communications  in connection with report abuse functions in our products and services  to enforce legal rights and comply with the law  or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority  or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights  property  operations  users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage  or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights  combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding  court order  or legal process served on NWG.  In the event of a merger  acquisition  or the unlikely event of bankruptcy  management of NWG customer information may be transferred to its successor or assign.  Data Transfers  Storage and Processing Globally the computer systems on which NWG collects  stores  and uses the information it collects or receives are based in the Republic of Korea. Your information may be transferred to  used  processed or held by NWG in other countries  including countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the United States  the European Union and Asia  and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.  Data Security and Integrity The security  integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical  administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect information from unauthorized access  disclosure  use and modification. No method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure  however. We cannot guarantee that your information will not be accessed  disclosed  altered  or destroyed by breach of any of our physical  technical  or managerial safeguards. We cannot assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems. we will make reasonable efforts consistently to protect your information and ensure the security of our systems.  Third Party Sites.  Our website and mobile products may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as Twitter  Facebook and YouTube. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement  authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third party site  including on an advertisement  you will leave the NWG site or mobile products you are visiting(or using) and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties  we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties  and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as NWG. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to an NWG site  you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any personal information.  Children Many NWG online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. When an NWG online or mobile product or service does request age information  and users identify themselves as under 13  the product or service will either block such users from providing personal information  or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the collection  use and sharing of their children's personal information. At that time  we will provide a description of the information that the child may make publically available  how we will use the information and other practices. We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than is reasonably necessary to provide our services.  Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use NWG's online or mobile products and services  this may include such general audience communication services as email  instant messaging  and online groups  and your child will be able to communicate with  and disclose personal information to  other users of all ages. Parents can review  edit  request the deletion  or prevent further collection or use of their children's personal information or make inquiries regarding this policy by sending an email to privacy@help.pmang.com  If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection  use or disclosure of children's personal information to which a parent has previously consented  the parent will be notified and we will be required to obtain the parent's additional consent.  We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online. You and your child should review our Online Safety web page for additional information about using the Internet safely.  Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. If we change how we handle your child's information  we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy.  Under no circumstances do we condition a child's participation in an activity-like contests-on the child's disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. On certain sites or services  we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent.  Accessing and updating your personal information Whenever you use our services  we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong  we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information  we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.  We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive  require disproportionate technical effort (for example  developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice)  risk the privacy of others  or would be extremely impractical (for instance  requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).  Where we can provide information access and correction  we will do so for free  except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this  after you delete information from our services  we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.  Enforcement We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. To make sure your personal information is secure  we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to NWG employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.  When we receive formal written complaints  we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities  including local data protection authorities  to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.  Changes to this Privacy Policy From time to time  we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies  industry practices  regulatory requirements or for other purposes. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and  where required by applicable law  we will obtain your consent.  Contact Information If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement  please send an email to Privacy Policy Administrator  privacy@help.pmang.com  or write to Privacy Policy Administrator  NEOWIZ PANGYO TOWER  14  Daewangpangyo-ro 645beon-gil  Bundang-gu  Seongnam-si  Gyeonggi-do  463-400  Korea.  