 facebook google+ Twitter LinkedIn  'E-mail: support@onexsoftech.com Menu Home About Us Development Android Development IOS Development Windows Development Web Development Projects Careers Contact Us'  'Privacy Policy ONEX SOFTECH APPS (Service  ONEX SOFTECH  we  us  or our) collects information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us  and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect  use  and protect your information. What information we use and how we use it: Read phone status and identity'  This permission allows ONEX SOFTECH APPS to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller name while some one is calling  you will identify it without looking to your smart phone. Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)  We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message  you will identify it without looking to your smart phone. Take pictures and videos  This permission allows ONEX SOFTECH APPS to use your device's camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash. We do not save or upload your photos/videos. Approximate location (network-based)  This permission allows ONEX SOFTECH APPS to identify and display your location on map or apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users' location. This information is untraceable. Read your contacts  Approximate location (network-based) This permission allows ONEX   SOFTECH APPS to identify and display your location on map or apps installed   by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users'   location.    This information is untraceable.    ONEX SOFTECH APPS does not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts in ONEX SOFTECH APPS search bar. Read calendar events plus confidential information  Permission to access contact information is used when you search   contacts in ONEX SOFTECH APPS search bar.    Read your contacts ONEX SOFTECH APPS does not save or upload your   contacts.    This information is used only in the ONEX SOFTECH APPS to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information. Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage  This permission allows ONEX SOFTECH APPS to delete app data(image  text  audio etc..) stored on their SD card. Read the contents of your USB storage  This permission allows ONEX SOFTECH APPS to view app data(image  text  audio etc..) stored on their SD card. Set an alarm  This permission allows users to access the device's alarm through ONEX SOFTECH APPS clock widget. Find accounts on the devices  ONEX SOFTECH APPS does not recognize or save your account information for any programs. ONEX SOFTECH APPS only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods. Read Google service configuration  This information is used to acquire advertising ID. ONEX SOFTECH APPS provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID. Change network connectivity  ONEX SOFTECH APPS provide users with better advertising service   by using such anonymous ID.    This information is used to acquire advertising ID.    This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS settings and notification toolbar  in order to change/check network connectivity. Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi  This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi. Full network access  This permission is used to access the device's network for certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app classification labels. View network connections  This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS settings and notification toolbar  in order to view network connections. View Wi-Fi connections  TThis permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS settings and notification toolbar  in order to view Wi-Fi connections. Access Bluetooth settings  This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS settings  in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth. Pair with Bluetooth devices  Access Bluetooth settings This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH   APPS settings  in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth.    This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS settings  in order to pair with Bluetooth devices. Close other apps  Pair with Bluetooth devices This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH   APPS settings  in order to pair with Bluetooth devices.    This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS Boost in order to turn off the back-end apps and make the phone run faster. Retrieve running apps  This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS Boost in order to view the running apps. Run as startup  ONEX SOFTECH will run as startup to provide users with a launcher service. Draw over other apps  This permission allows the ONEX SOFTECH APPS Free Swipe tab to be displayed as a floating window on other apps. Control vibration  This permission allows ONEX SOFTECH APPS to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate  confirming the setting has been turned on. Adjust your wallpaper size  This permission allows users to crop ONEX SOFTECH APPS wallpaper to the desired size. Set wallpaper  This permission allows users to set a selected ONEX SOFTECH APPS image as their wallpaper. Read sync settings  This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS power's save mode  and allows ONEX SOFTECH APPS to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off. Toggle sync on and off  This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS power's save mode  and allows ONEX SOFTECH APPS to synchronize with the user's sync settings. Expand/collapse status bar  This permission is used for the gesture feature of ONEX SOFTECH APPS User System to expand and collapse the status bar. Install shortcuts  This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers  so users can continue to use ONEX SOFTECH APPS related functions. Measure app storage space  This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application. Modify system settings  This permission is used in ONEX SOFTECH APPS settings  in order to switch or adjust ringtone  vibration and brightness level of the screen. Read Home settings and shortcuts  This permission is used to acquire the user's Home settings and shortcuts  in order to maintain user preferences. Uninstall shortcuts  This permission allows ONEX SOFTECH APPS to delete the shortcuts\ \ created by ONEX SOFTECH APPS in other Android launchers. Photos\u2044Media\u2044\ Files  Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage Test access to protected storage When user recommends friends to download ONEX SOFTECH APPS by sharing to social network  we need to save an introduction picture to be shared on SD card. We won't access other file on SD card. Device & app history  Retrieve running apps We use this information to boost your Android phone effectively  clean your device's RAM and make your phone speed up in depth. Third Party SDKs  Notwithstanding anything else in this policy  we may work with partners who use mobile SDKs  including the Firebase or OneSignal Messaging SDK  to passively collect information (collectively  SDK Information)  which generally helps us deliver personalized notifications. This data may also be used to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers for the purposes of customizing ads or content. Depending on the permissions granted to this application  this information may include personally identifiable information (PII) including your e-mail address. This information may also include precise location (i.e. GPS-level data) or WiFi information  apps you have installed and enabled  and your mobile identifier (e.g.  Android Advertising ID). Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options  Depending on the permissions granted to this application  this   information may include personally identifiable information (PII) including   your e-mail address.    GPS-level data) or WiFi information  apps you have installed and   enabled  and your mobile identifier (e.g.  Android Advertising ID).    Notwithstanding anything else in this policy  we may work with   partners who use mobile SDKs  including the Firebase or OneSignal Messaging   SDK  to passively collect information (collectively  SDK Information)  which   generally helps us deliver personalized notifications.    This data may also be used to identify you in a unique manner across   other devices or browsers for the purposes of customizing ads or content.    This information may also include precise location (i.e.    a. Opting-out of Firebase or OneSignal Push Notifications You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to your device Settings and clicking on Notifications  and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. (Different device configurations  or updates to devices  may affect or change how these settings work.)  'b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of interest-based (also called cross-app) mobile behavioral advertising  by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device  as follows: By opening the Google Settings app on your device  selecting Ads  and then selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads. (Different device configurations  or updates to devices  may affect or change how these settings work.) How we protect your information'  'You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers   used for certain types of interest-based (also called cross-app) mobile behavioral   advertising  by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device    as follows: By opening the Google Settings app on your device  selecting Ads    and then selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.'    We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss  misuse and unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration and destruction. However  please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information  no app  website  Internet transmission  computer system or wireless connection is completely secure. How we share your information  We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions  as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law  when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement  judicial proceeding  court order  or legal process served on us  or to protect the safety  rights  or property of our users  the public or ONEX SOFTECH. Children's Privacy  We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Changes to the Privacy Policy  ONEX SOFTECH may  in its sole discretion  change this Privacy Policy from time to time  any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy  so please review it periodically. Contact us  'If you have any suggestions  feedback or requests  please contact us on our Facebook page: www.fb.com/OnexSoftech or email us at privacy@onexsoftech.com Home About Us Support Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions'  \xA9 2014-2017 All Rights Reserved | Onex Softech  