 Educational Games Play! Contact  Menu This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which pescAPPs collects  uses  maintains and discloses information collected from users (each  a User) of the http://www.pescapps.com/ website (Site). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by pescAPPs.  'What we collect in our Games For every device a Game is installed on we collect the following Information: Unique Device Identifier (a unique number that lets us tell the devices apart); IP Address (the internet address the Game uses to connect to the Internet); MAC address (an unique hardware address the device uses to connect to the Internet);'  'What we collect in our Games For every device a Game is installed   on we collect the following Information: Unique Device Identifier (a unique   number that lets us tell the devices apart); IP Address (the internet address   the Game uses to connect to the Internet); MAC address (an unique hardware address   the device uses to connect to the Internet);'    Device type (e.g. iPad 2  Galaxy S3  etc.); OS version (type of operating system and the version thereof); Game version (specific Game(s) and the versions thereof); and Length of play session.  We do not collect any other personally identifying information such as e-mail address or user name.  We do not collect any other personally identifying information   such as e-mail address or user name.    'What third parties collect via our apps Our apps use Google Analytics (third party scripts) that collect the following information and might (also) store such information as a cookie on the device you use to access our webpage: Google Analytics/Firebase Analytics: Demographics (browser language  country  city); System information (browser  OS  service provider); Mobile (OS  service provider  screen resolution); Site behaviour (which pages users visit  duration of visit); How we use this information collected in our Games We collect this Information to improve performance and reliability of our Games and to get a better understanding of what users in general prefer. We do not link any of this Information in any way to individuals or any other information we might obtain. We do not share  sell or in any other way give other persons or companies.'  'Our apps use Google Analytics (third party scripts) that collect   the following information and might (also) store such information as a cookie   on the device you use to access our webpage: Google Analytics/Firebase Analytics:   Demographics (browser language  country  city);'    Web browser cookies Our Site may use cookies to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies  or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so  note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.  Our Site may use cookies to enhance User experience.    Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others We may allow third parties to serve advertisements and provide analytics services in connection with our Services. These entities may use cookies  web beacons and other tracing technologies to collect information about your use of our Services  including your IP address  MAC address  device identifiers  software and hardware information  browser information  time zone and usage information.  These entities may use cookies  web beacons and other tracing technologies   to collect information about your use of our Services  including your IP address    MAC address  device identifiers  software and hardware information  browser   information  time zone and usage information.    We may allow third parties to serve advertisements and provide   analytics services in connection with our Services.    Changes to this privacy policy pescAPPs has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do  we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.  Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site  you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy  please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.  'Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  the practices of this site  or your dealings with this site  please contact us at: pescAPPs http://www.pescapps.com/ support@pescapps.com This document was last updated on April 1  2017 STORES AppStore GooglePlay pescAPPs GAMES 2017 Educational Games Play! Contact'  We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more  We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on   our website.    