 Devexpert.NET Mobile Apps Privacy Policy This site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information. Close Get Apps |Contact us PRIVACY POLICY Your privacy is important to Devexpert.NET and we are committed to protecting your privacy. Therefore  we have developed a Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and contact us at support@devexpert.net you have any questions.  By using this site you agree to our use of cookies.    Close Get Apps |Contact us PRIVACY POLICY Your privacy is important   to Devexpert.NET and we are committed to protecting your privacy.    Devexpert.NET Mobile Apps Privacy Policy This site uses cookies   to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service.    Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.    Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices   and contact us at support@devexpert.net you have any questions.    Therefore  we have developed a Privacy Policy.    PEROSNAL INFORMATION DO NOT collect  store or use any personal information while you visit  download or upgrade our website or our products  excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account  send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities.  'Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop  deliver  and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you have participated in.'  'In the following circumstances  we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law: (1) Your prior permission; (2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence  legal process  litigation requests; (3) By requests from public and governmental authorities; (4) To protect our legal rights and interests.'  NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual  such as your CPN model  memory size  your phone IMEI number  phone model  install  uninstall  frequency of use  etc.  Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit   direct association with any specific individual  such as your CPN model  memory   size  your phone IMEI number  phone model  install  uninstall  frequency of   use  etc.    We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user's behavior  solve problems in products and services  improve our products  services and advertising  we may collect non-personal information such as the data of install  frequency of use  country  equipment and channel.  We may collect and use non-personal information in the following   circumstances.    If non-personal information is combined with personal information  we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.  PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We take precautions - including administrative  technical  and physical measures - to safeguard your personal information against loss  theft  and misuse  as well as against unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration  and destruction.  When you use some products  services  or post your comments  the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read  collected  or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.  OUR COMPANYWIDE COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.  PRIVACY QUESTIONS If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing  please contact us at support@devexpert.net We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way  a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.  Log information  cookies  and web beacons This site collects standard internet log information including your IP address  browser type and language  access times  and referring website addresses. To ensure that this Website is well managed and to facilitate improved navigation  we or our service providers may also use cookies (small text files stored in a user's browser) or Web beacons (electronic images that allow this Website to count visitors who have accessed a particular page and to access certain cookies) to collect aggregate data. Additional information on how we use cookies and other tracking technologies and how you can control these can be found in our cookie notice.  Additional information on how we use cookies and other tracking   technologies and how you can control these can be found in our cookie notice.    Log information  cookies  and web beacons This site collects standard   internet log information including your IP address  browser type and language    access times  and referring website addresses.    To ensure that this Website is well managed and to facilitate improved   navigation  we or our service providers may also use cookies (small text files   stored in a user's browser) or Web beacons (electronic images that allow this   Website to count visitors who have accessed a particular page and to access   certain cookies) to collect aggregate data.    Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual  such as your CPN model  memory size  your phone IMEI number  phone model  install  uninstall  frequency of use  etc. We are not collecting non-personal information.  Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit   direct association with any specific individual  such as your CPN model  memory   size  your phone IMEI number  phone model  install  uninstall  frequency of   use  etc. We are not collecting non-personal information.    