 Home Keyboard Android iPhone & iPad Cloud Android iPhone & iPad Partners About Company Newsroom Careers VIP Community Blog Help  Privacy Policy - Emoji Keyboard \u2212 1. Introduction This is the\ \ privacy policy for Emoji Keyboard  our products including  but not limited to \ \ our mobile apps and our various cloud-based services  content and websites (\\ Products\). Specifically  this policy exists to inform you about the types of\ \ information we may receive  how we use that information  the measures we take\ \ to safeguard the information we receive  the choices you may make and certain\ \ legal rights that you have.  Where we refer to personal data in this privacy policy we mean any data that may identify you as an individual.  The application displays ads sometimes.  \u2212 2. Overview of our Privacy Policy Protecting your personal\ \ data and maintaining your trust is core to our mission at Emoji Keyboard.  We will not sell your personal data to third parties.  We receive different types of information from our Products  including anonymous device  network  performance and usage statistics. We use this data to debug and improve the functionality of our Products.  We may also receive your personal contact information contained in correspondence via our web sites and communications channels. This enables us to offer user support  beta testing communities  surveys  competitions and similar services.  We may also receive your personal contact information contained   in correspondence via our web sites and communications channels.    For users that opt in to Emoji Keyboard Cloud  we will collect your email address  basic demographic information and information concerning the words and phrases that you use (Language Modeling Data) to enable services such as personalization  prediction synchronization and backup. We may use data provided by you to develop and improve our Products.  For users that opt in to Emoji Keyboard Cloud  we will collect   your email address  basic demographic information    Where a field has been flagged by a website or app as denoting a password field or payment information  Emoji Keyboard does not log  store or learn from this information.  Where a field has been flagged by a website or app as denoting   a password field or payment information  Emoji Keyboard does not log  store   or learn from this information.    We constantly review and challenge the procedures we have in place for data handling and data security and have internal system and controls to ensure compliance.  \u2212 3. How we protect your data If you are not logged into Emoji\ \ Keyboard Cloud  language insights will not be transferred from your device.\ \ If you are logged into Emoji Keyboard Cloud  these files will be automatically\ \ transferred over encrypted channels to our servers in order to enable our cloud-based\ \ services.  All data transferred by us between your device and our services is encrypted  including any personal data we may collect and store on your behalf.  \u2212 4. Learning on first installation When you are using our Products\ \ our prediction technology learns from the way you use language. Upon first installation\ \ we need to establish a base for your personalized language model. To achieve\ \ this  Emoji Keyboard for Android accesses your SMS messages.  \u2212 5. Enhancing Emoji Keyboard by connecting with Cloud services  The Emoji Keyboard personalization service  which is a feature of Emoji Keyboard Cloud  accesses your recent content from online services that you specify  such as Gmail  Facebook and Twitter. It uses this content to build a personalized language model on our servers  which is then transferred to your device. This is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often  and reflects your unique writing style.  The Emoji Keyboard personalization service  which is a feature   of Emoji Keyboard Cloud  accesses your recent content from online services that   you specify  such as Gmail  Facebook and Twitter.    Your use of our personalization service means we may store and use data provided by you to develop and improve our Products. You have the right to have this data destroyed  as outlined below.  \u2212 6. Withdrawing consent You may at any time withdraw your consent\ \ for our storage and use of personal data collected by any of our Products by\ \ going to the Emoji Keyboard Cloud section in Emoji Keyboard Settings. By withdrawing\ \ consent your personal data will be destroyed. It is important to note  however \ \ that we will retain any transactional data relating to your purchase of the\ \ Products that we make available in order that such purchases can be reclaimed\ \ by you  should the need arise in the future.  \u2212 7. Third-party keyboard warnings You may encounter an alert\ \ when installing our Products on your device  warning that third-party keyboards\ \ may collect or log sensitive data such as passwords  credit card numbers or\ \ street addresses.  Third-party keyboard warnings You may encounter an alert when installing   our Products on your device  warning that third-party keyboards may collect   or log sensitive data such as passwords  credit card numbers or street addresses.    \u2212 7.    Emoji Keyboard Products are designed not to receive  store or transmit any such sensitive data.  For more information or help  please see our Android or iOS support pages.  \u2212 8. Communicating with you If you register for our cloud-based\ \ services we will collect your email address if it is available. We may use this\ \ to tell you about our Products from time to time  unless you indicate during\ \ registration  via our Products Settings menu or by clicking an \opt out\ link\ \ in any message that we send you  that you do not wish us to do so.  If you register for our cloud-based services we will collect your   email address if it is available.    You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications in our Products at any time by going to the Settings menu.  \u2212 9. What kind of information we collect a. Personal Information.\ \ We do not collect Personal Information. \Personal Information\ is information\ \ that identifies you or another person  which may be transmitted or received\ \ when you use an Application  the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information\ \ includes your geographic location information  names  physical addresses  email\ \ addresses  telephone  fax  SSN  information stored within your Device and other\ \ information you transmit or receive using an Application  the Service and/ or\ \ the Site which identifies you or another person.  'Personal Information is information that identifies you or another   person  which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application  the   Services and/or the Site.'    Personal Information includes your geographic location information    names  physical addresses  email addresses  telephone  fax  SSN  information   stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using   an Application  the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another   person.    We do not collect Personal Information.    b. Non-personal identification. We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. We may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and Android version  the data of install  frequency of use  country  equipment and channel.  If non-personal information is combined with personal information  we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.  Get Accounts Log in with Google Accounts  display your Google Profile name  Profile photo  Read Phone State Read the state of the phone so as to start identifying the caller when you are making or answering a call.  Read Contacts Read and display the names of contacts when receiving phone calls  Read Contacts Read and display the names of contacts when receiving   phone calls    \u2212 10. How we use collected information a. Personal Information:\ \ Since we do not collect Personal Information  we may not use your personal information\ \ in any way.  'b. Non- Personal Information: We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose as below: 1) To personalize user experience  we may use your Non- Personal Information to understand demographics  customer interest  and other trends among our Users;'  'We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose as below:   1) To personalize user experience  we may use your Non- Personal Information   to understand demographics  customer interest  and other trends among our Users'    2) To help develop our service  we may use Non- Personal Information to provide  maintain  improve and modify the Applications  Services and the Site and develop new services;  3) To further develop Mavericks Mobile business. We may use Non- Personal Information for promotion and marketing purposes.  \u2212 11. Sharing your information Except as stated in this privacy\ \ policy  we will not share your personal data with any third party unless you\ \ have given us permission. We may share anonymized data  where we have removed\ \ any personal data  with other parties.  1) Information we collect (behavioural  IP  app download) 2) Why (to serve more relevant advertisements) 3) Who we pass to (trusted business partners) We may share your information (including but not limited to  information from cookies  log files  device identifiers  learned language data/Language Modeling Data and statistics) with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies as Emoji Keyboard  or that become part of that group (Group Companies). Group Companies may use this information to help provide  understand  and improve our Products (including by providing analytics and data analysis) and Group Companies own services.  1) Information we collect (behavioural  IP  app download) 2) Why   (to serve more relevant advertisements) 3) Who we pass to (trusted business   partners) We may share your information (including but not limited to  information   from cookies  log files  device identifiers  learned language data/Language   Modeling Data and statistics) with businesses that are legally part of the same   group of companies as Emoji Keyboard  or that become part of that group (Group   Companies).    Group Companies may use this information to help provide  understand    and improve our Products (including by providing analytics and data analysis)   and Group Companies own services.    We may share your information (including but not limited to  information from cookies  log files  device identifiers  learned language data/Language Modeling Data and statistics) with third-party organizations that help us provide our Products (Service Providers) such as providers of hosting services or analytics tools. Our Service Providers will only be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary and under appropriate confidentiality terms.  Our Service Providers will only be given access to your information   as is reasonably necessary and under appropriate confidentiality terms.    We may share your information (including but not limited to  information   from cookies  log files  device identifiers  learned language data/Language   Modeling Data and statistics) with third-party organizations that help us provide   our Products (Service Providers) such as providers of hosting services or   analytics tools.    Should you breach the terms and conditions or terms of use relating to any of our Products  or if we are under a duty to disclose any information to comply with a legal obligation  we may be forced to disclose your information to a relevant authority. Any disclosure of personal information will be made in accordance with US law and legislation.  \u2212 12. Change of control If we sell or otherwise transfer part\ \ or the whole of Emoji Keyboard or our assets to another organization (e.g. \ \ in the course of a transaction like a merger  acquisition  bankruptcy  dissolution\ \ or liquidation)  information from or about our users may be among the items\ \ sold or transferred.  However this will not affect your rights or our obligations under this privacy policy.  \u2212 13. Changes to this Policy From time to time we may make changes\ \ to this privacy policy  which will be posted on our web sites and relevant communications\ \ channels. You are advised to check our web sites regularly to view our most\ \ recent privacy policy. We last updated our privacy policy on January 20  2017 \ \ the key changes made are recorded in a change log here.  Changes on January 20  2017 Clarified what kind of information we collect and how we use collected information  Changes on October 16  2014 Changed the layout and formatting of our privacy policy  including section titles  to make it easier to read in plain English Clarified our commitment not to sell your personal data to third parties Various changes to ensure we have a single privacy policy covering all of our Products including Emoji Keyboard for Android and our new iOS Emoji Keyboard Clarified that Emoji Keyboard can learn from either your SMS or Contact data upon first installation Inserted various links within the privacy policy to other relevant pages including those dealing with; the approach we take to security  how to withdraw consent  help on the installation process for Emoji Keyboard as well as our Terms of Service Made clear that a change of control will not affect our obligations or your rights under the privacy policy  Changes on October 16  2014 Changed the layout and formatting of   our privacy policy  including section titles  to make it easier to read in plain   English Clarified our commitment not to sell your personal data to third parties   Various changes to ensure we have a single privacy policy covering all of our   Products including Emoji Keyboard for Android and our new iOS Emoji Keyboard   Clarified that Emoji Keyboard can learn from either your SMS or Contact data   upon first installation Inserted various links within the privacy policy to   other relevant pages including those dealing with; the approach we take to security    how to withdraw consent  help on the installation process for Emoji Keyboard   as well as our Terms of Service Made clear that a change of control will not   affect our obligations or your rights under the privacy policy    \u2212 14. Collection and Sharing of Location Information In addition\ \ to other information described in this policy  we may collect and share precise\ \ location information  through methods such as mobile \SDKs\ (mobile technologies\ \ that operate similar to web-based \cookies\). This location information may\ \ be used by itself  aggregated  or combined with mobile identifiers (such as\ \ IDFAs and Android IDs)  and shared with third parties  for purposes related\ \ to advertising  analytics  attribution (e.g.  measuring ad performance)  analytics\ \ and research. You can remove your consent to having your location data collected\ \ by changing the settings on your device. (Certain services may lose functionality\ \ as a result.) You can \opt out\ of various third party uses Apple's and Android's\ \ advertising identifiers through device settings  as well.  In addition to other information described in this policy  we may   collect and share precise location information  through methods such as mobile   SDKs (mobile technologies that operate similar to web-based cookies).    This location information may be used by itself  aggregated  or   combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs)  and shared   with third parties  for purposes related to advertising  analytics  attribution   (e.g.  measuring ad performance)  analytics and research.    \u2212 15. Contact Us If you have any questions regarding this Privacy\ \ Policy  you may contact us at kkemojiandroid@gmail.com.  Made by Mavericks Mobile \xA9 2014. Privacy Policy  