 Products WPS Office Free 2016WPS Office PremiumWPS PDF to WordWPS Data Recovery MasterWPS Office for AndroidWPS Office for iOSWPS Office for Linux  Download Store Support FeedbackHelp Blog Products WPS Office Free 2016 WPS Office Premium WPS Office for Android WPS Office for iOS WPS Office for Linux Download Store Support Feedback Help Blog  Privacy Policy Home / Privacy Policy Kingsoft Office Software  Inc.  'Privacy Policy Last Updated: April 28  2015 Protecting your privacy is really important to us. With this in mind  we''re providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection  use and disclosure of information that we receive through our Services. When we say Services in this Privacy Policy  we mean our website located at www.wps.com (the Site)  our mobile device applications (the Apps)  and our WPS Office suite of software products available for use via the Apps or via installation on windows personal computers (collectively  the Products). This Privacy Policy applies to only those websites  products  services and applications included within the Services and does not apply to any third-party websites  products  services or applications  even if they are accessible through our Services.'  Revisions to this Privacy Policy Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy  we'll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification  and we'll update the Last Updated Date above to indicate when those changes will become effective.  Collection and Use of Information Information Collected or Received from You Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services  to administer your use of the Services  and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services.  Account Information. If you create an account in connection with your use of any of the Services (Account)  either through our Site or when you setup and register one of our Products  we'll collect certain information that can be used to identify you  such as your name  email address  postal address  phone number and credit card information (PII). If you create an Account using your login credentials from one of your accounts with certain third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each  an SNS Account)  we'll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access. If you create an Account  we may also collect other information that is not considered PII because it cannot be used by itself to identify you.  If you create an Account using your login credentials from one   of your accounts with certain third-party social networking services such as   Facebook or Twitter (each  an SNS Account)  we'll be able to access and collect   your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on the   SNS Account permit us to access.    If you create an account in connection with your use of any of   the Services (Account)  either through our Site or when you setup and register   one of our Products  we'll collect certain information that can be used to identify   you  such as your name  email address  postal address  phone number and credit   card information (PII)    we'll collect certain information that can be used to identify   you  such as your name  email address  postal address  phone number and credit   card information (PII)    Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies. Like many website owners and operators  we use automated data collection tools such as Cookies and Web Beacons to collect certain information.  Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies.    Like many website owners and operators  we use automated data collection   tools such as Cookies and Web Beacons to collect certain information.    'Cookies are small text files that are placed on your hard drive by a Web server when you access our Services. We may use both session Cookies and persistent Cookies to identify that you''ve logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact with our Services. We may also use Cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services. Unlike persistent Cookies  session Cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept Cookies  you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting Cookies. Please note  however  that if you don''t accept Cookies  you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your hard drive. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and does not include use of Cookies by such third parties.'  'Cookies are small text files that are placed on your hard drive   by a Web server when you access our Services.'    Although most browsers automatically accept Cookies  you can change   your browser options to stop automatically accepting Cookies or to prompt you   before accepting Cookies.    Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and   does not include use of Cookies by such third parties.    Please note  however  that if you don't accept Cookies  you may   not be able to access all portions or features of the Services.    Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party   advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your hard drive.    Unlike persistent Cookies  session Cookies are deleted when you   log off from the Services and close your browser.    We may also use Cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic   routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services.    We may use both session Cookies and persistent Cookies to identify   that you've logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact   with our Services.    'Web Beacons (also known as Web bugs  pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes  including to deliver or communicate with Cookies  to track and measure the performance of our Services  to monitor how many visitors view our Services  and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike Cookies  which are stored on the user''s hard drive  Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).'  'Web Beacons (also known as Web bugs  pixel tags or clear GIFs)   are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services   for several purposes  including to deliver or communicate with Cookies  to track   and measure the performance of our Services  to monitor how many visitors view   our Services  and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising.'    Unlike Cookies  which are stored on the user's hard drive  Web   Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).    Information Related to Use of the Services. Our servers automatically record certain information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to this information as Log Data)  including both Account holders and non-Account holders (either  a User). Log Data may include information such as a User's Internet Protocol (IP) address  browser type  operating system  the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services  the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features  search terms  the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics. We use Log Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) Log Data to improve  customize and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users' needs and preferences. We may use a person's IP address to generate aggregate  non-identifying information about how our Services are used.  Log Data may include information such as a User's Internet Protocol   (IP) address  browser type  operating system  the web page that a User was visiting   before accessing our Services  the pages or features of our Services to which   a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features  search terms    the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics.    We may use a person's IP address to generate aggregate  non-identifying   information about how our Services are used.    We use Log Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and   may engage third parties to analyze) Log Data to improve  customize and enhance   our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them   to our Users' needs and preferences.    Information Sent by Your Mobile Device. We may collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our Services  like a device identifier  user settings and the operating system of your device  as well as information about your use of our Services  Information Sent by Your Mobile Device.    We may collect certain information that your mobile device sends   when you use our Services  like a device identifier  user settings and the operating   system of your device  as well as information about your use of our Services    Location Information. When you use our Services  our third party services providers (such as Google Analytics) may collect and provide us with information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location. We may use this location information to improve and personalize our Services for you.  Location Information.    When you use our Services  our third party services providers (such   as Google Analytics) may collect and provide us with information about your   location by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location.    'Information that We Share with Third Parties We will not share any PII that we have collected from or regarding you except as described below: Information Shared with Our Services Providers. We may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. For example  we work with third party service providers to assist with credit card processing services. These third-party services providers have access to your PII for the purpose of performing services on our behalf.'  Information Shared with Third Parties. We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information with third parties for industry research and analysis  demographic profiling and other similar purposes.  We may share aggregated information and non-identifying information   with third parties for industry research and analysis  demographic profiling   and other similar purposes.    Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions. Information that we collect from our users  including PII  is considered to be a business asset. Thus  if we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger  acquisition or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy  some or all of our assets  including your PII  may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.  'Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we  in our sole discretion  believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims  legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property  rights and safety and the property  rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal  unethical or legally actionable activity.'  Your Choices We offer you choices regarding the collection  use and sharing of your PII and we'll respect the choices you make. Please note that if you decide not to provide us with the PII that we request  you may not be able to access all of the features of the Services.  Opt-Out. We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote our Services. When you receive such promotional communications from us  you will have the opportunity to opt-out (either through your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive). We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications - e.g.  communications regarding updates to this Privacy Policy or information about billing.  Modifying Your Information. You can access and modify the PII associated with your Account by [sending an email to privacy@wps.com or through the settings feature on your Account profile (if and when available)]. If you want us to delete your PII and your Account  please contact us at privacy@wps.com with your request. We'll take steps to delete your information as soon we can  but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.  Responding to Do Not Track Signals Our Site does not have the capability to respond to Do Not Track signals received from various web browsers. We use third party service providers like Google Analytics and Adjust for tracking purposes. You can read more about how Google uses your information via Google Analytics here - www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.  The Security of Your Information We take reasonable administrative  physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your PII) from unauthorized access  use or disclosure. Please be aware  however  that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly  we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.  Links to Other Sites Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each  a Third-party Service). Any information that you provide on or to a Third-party Service or that is collected by a Third-party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third-party Service and is subject to the owner's or operator's privacy policy. We're not responsible for the content  privacy or security practices and policies of any Third-party Service. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third-party Services that you access.  International Transfer Your PII may be transferred to  and maintained on  computers located outside of your state  province  country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.  Our Policy Toward Children Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected PII of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.  Questions? Please contact us at privacy@wps.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.  Products WPS Office 2016 Free WPS Office for Personal&Home WPS Data\ \ Recovery Master WPS Office for Linux WPS Office for Android WPS Office for iOS\ \ Compare WPS Office Company About US Press Center Contact us License Agreement\ \ Privacy Policy Partners Affiliate Program Links OEM Partners Strategic Enterprise\ \ Sales Connect Language English English Fran\xE7ais Deutsch Italiano \u0420\u0443\ \u0441\u0441\u043A\u0438\u0439 Espa\xF1ol IndonesiaPortugu\xEAs T\xFCrk\xE7e Vietnamese  Copyright \xA9 Kingsoft Office Software  All Rights Reserved.  Log Data may include information such as a User's Internet Protocol (IP) address  browser type  operating system  the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services  the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features  search terms  the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics. We do not use Log Data and do not engage third parties to analyze Log Data.  Log Data may include information such as a User's Internet Protocol   (IP) address  browser type  operating system  the web page that a User was visiting   before accessing our Services  the pages or features of our Services to which   a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features  search terms    the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics. We do   not use Log Data and do not engage third parties to analyze Log Data.    Information Sent by Your Mobile Device. We are not collecting information that your mobile device sends when you use our Services  like a device identifier  user settings and the operating system of your device.  Information Sent by Your Mobile Device. We are not collecting information   that your mobile device sends when you use our Services  like a device identifier    user settings and the operating system of your device.    We'll not collect information that can be used to identify you  such as your name  email address  postal address  phone number and credit card information (PII).  We'll not collect information that can be used to identify you    such as your name  email address  postal address  phone number and credit card   information (PII).    We'll not collect certain information that can be used to identify you  such as your name  email address  postal address  phone number and credit card information (PII). It is not possible to use your login credentials from third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each  an SNS Account). Thus  we won't be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings from any SNS Account.  We'll not collect certain information that can be used to identify   you  such as your name  email address  postal address  phone number and credit   card information (PII). It is not possible to use your login credentials from   third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each  an   SNS Account). Thus  we won't be able to access and collect your name and email   address and other PII that your privacy settings from any SNS Account.    Location Information. When you use our Services  our third party services providers (such as Google Analytics) do not collect information about your location. They do not convert your IP address into a rough geo-location.  Location Information. When you use our Services  our third party   services providers (such as Google Analytics) do not collect information about   your location. They do not convert your IP address into a rough geo-location.    