 Games Epic War TD 2 Battle for the Galaxy News About Us  'AMT Games (IE MELET) Privacy Policy AMT Games is officially registered in different countries and can be legally represented by either: IE MELET  a Russian individual enterpreneur with a principal place of business at 12th Line of Vasilievskii Island  199178 Saint-Petersburg  Russia  Reg#: 312784711100572  Tax#: 780160616253 10K MMR ltd.  a company incorporated under the laws of Seychelles and having its registered office at Oliaji Trade Centre -1st Floor  Victoria  Mahe  #reg 194661'  AMT Games is reffered to in this privacy policy as Developer  Developer is committed to making our games both fun and safe to use and adheres to best practices regarding the collection and use of both anonymous and limited personal information. In general  our approach is to collect anonymous data wherever possible and use as little personal information as is necessary to provide the best games and services  and then only to use personal information to make those games and services better.  This privacy policy applies to the Developer's website located at //amt-games.com  the related game and game editor sites  and to Developer-published Facebook and mobile applications. Keep in mind that not all games and applications created by Developer use personal information or have advertising components - this privacy policy explicitly relates to the website elements  games  applications  and services that do collect privacy-related information.  This privacy policy may change to reflect changes in business practice  legislation  or market reality. Any changes will be posted here  and significant changes will either be broadcast on the Developer's blog or via email.  'Types of Information Developer Login Registration: When you register for a Developer account directly  you provide us with optional information including email  age  gender  and country. This information is not required - we provide our services to you without it  but taken as a whole this gives us a better understanding of our players and community and helps us make better game design decisions. As you might imagine  men and women play differently  as do younger and older players  so it is helpful to see trends based on these demographics to help make games that all players enjoy. We use emails to keep members up to date on news  releases  and updates  and you may opt out of these emails at any point. Children under 13 are allowed to register for Developer accounts  but they may not enter any personally identifiable information. If children under 13 want to receive such news emails  they must use a parent or guardian''s email.'  As you might imagine  men and women play differently  as do younger   and older players  so it is helpful to see trends based on these demographics   to help make games that all players enjoy.    Children under 13 are allowed to register for Developer accounts    but they may not enter any personally identifiable information.    If children under 13 want to receive such news emails  they must   use a parent or guardian's email.    This information is not required \u2013 we provide our services\   \ to you without it  but taken as a whole this gives us a better understanding\   \ of our players and community and helps us make better game design decisions.    We use emails to keep members up to date on news  releases  and   updates  and you may opt out of these emails at any point.    When you register for a Developer account directly  you provide   us with optional information including email  age  gender  and country.    'Developer Forum Registration: If you register for Developer forums  we require an email address for registration validation and communication purposes. You may opt out of these communications at any point. Children under 13 are not allowed to register for the Developer forums.'  If you register for Developer forums  we require an email address   for registration validation and communication purposes.    'Facebook  Google+  Game Center  Game Circle and Google Play Logins: We use these services to connect players to their friends for co-operative and competitive play  and to compare scores and progress. We use the respective platform standard versions of these services and only reference the username/email associated to associate with your saved data  scores  and game progress.'  We use the respective platform standard versions of these services   and only reference the username/email associated to associate with your saved   data  scores  and game progress.    'Game and Site Data: Developer tracks information about the way visitors and players use our web sites and games so that we can make our sites and games more accessible  pertinent  and fun. Developer uses log files to store information such as internet protocol (IP) addresses  browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring  exit and visited pages  platform used  date/time stamp  track user''s movement in the whole  and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses  etc  are not linked to personally identifiable information. Developer uses cookies  server stored game data  and third-party analytics services to track player activity and make games more awesome. You can set your browser to limit or reject cookies  but this has a high chance of interfering with site and game features and may prevent some games from playing at all or saving your progress'  Developer uses cookies  server stored game data  and third-party   analytics services to track player activity and make games more awesome.    Developer uses log files to store information such as internet   protocol (IP) addresses  browser type  internet service provider (ISP)  referring    exit and visited pages  platform used  date/time stamp  track user's movement   in the whole  and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.    IP addresses  etc  are not linked to personally identifiable information.    You can set your browser to limit or reject cookies  but this has   a high chance of interfering with site and game features and may prevent some   games from playing at all or saving your progress    'Advertising: Developer uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when visiting our web pages. We offer our web games for free  so these ads allow us to continue providing top quality games. The third-party advertising companies may collect and use information (but not your name  address  email address  or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g.  click stream information  browser type  time and date  subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. We do not have access to this information or influence over their policies  barring our ability to discontinue their services. If you would like more information about advertising practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies  you can visit Google''s Advertising and Privacy page or the Network Advertising Initiative. Please understand that if you disable or block certain ad features  then other aspects of the site may not work correctly.'  The third-party advertising companies may collect and use information   (but not your name  address  email address  or telephone number) about your   visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods   and services of interest to you.    These companies may use non-personally identifiable information   (e.g.  click stream information  browser type  time and date  subject of advertisements   clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in   order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater   interest to you.    These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon   to collect this information.    'Facebook Information: When you register for Developer using Facebook  use Facebook likes  or share links through Facebook Connect  Developer accesses data already provided to Facebook in accordance with their Privacy Policy  and is only granted access to that information via the permissions necessary to use the games or services. Developer reviews Facebook data such as age  location  and gender along with various game and social data about how you are playing a game or using the web site in order to make our games and site more awesome. This information may be stored in cookies on your computer. Developer does not share or sell this information with any party.'  Developer reviews Facebook data such as age  location  and gender   along with various game and social data about how you are playing a game or   using the web site in order to make our games and site more awesome.    This information may be stored in cookies on your computer.    When you register for Developer using Facebook  use Facebook likes    or share links through Facebook Connect  Developer accesses data already provided   to Facebook in accordance with their Privacy Policy  and is only granted access   to that information via the permissions necessary to use the games or services.    'Billing and Financial: Developer does track purchases made using Xsolla  Facebook Credits  Super Rewards  Trial Pay  and/or other 3rd party wallet services  but Developer does not have access to any personal billing information; purchases are tracked for purposes of making sure that Developer deliver great value for money and so that we can provide awesome customer support should something go wrong.'  Other Use of Information Developer does not sell  rent  or publicly share your personally identifiable information to anyone. We may use the information you provide to provide customer support or respond to forum posts. We may share tools to access information to our development or technology partners  but this will be done under standard terms of nondisclosure. In the event of a change in corporate ownership or control  we would then transfer all personally-identifiable and non-personally identifiable information to the new owner or controlling party. Developer would also share the limited personal information to comply with court order  fraud protection  or other legal proceedings  to enforce our Terms of Service  or to protect the safety  rights  or property of Developer or its employees.  Children Under 13 We respect the privacy of parents  guardians  and their children  and we are committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Children under 13 may not enter personally identifiable information during the registration process (they must use a parent's or guardian's email address)  and they may not sign up for forum accounts at all. Please be aware that Epic War TD and Battle for the Galaxy allow text chat to coordinate and enhance the multiplayer experiences. Children under 13 should never give out personal information in these chats  and Developer representatives will never ask for personal information. If anyone ever asks for personal information in chat  please screenshot the interaction and send the image to support@amt-games.com for investigation. If at any time a parent or guardian believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to us  he or she can contact us at support@amt-games.com. Developer will make reasonable efforts to delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. Developer believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and actively advise them on appropriate behavior and online safety  including avoiding chat systems and other 3rd party open communication tools.  Children under 13 may not enter personally identifiable information\   \ during the registration process (they must use a parent\u2019s or guardian's\   \ email address)  and they may not sign up for forum accounts at all.    'In-App Purchasing Some of our games provide additional content for a direct fee - usually buying an item or an amount of in-game currency to make gameplay faster or more fun. Parents and guardians should be aware that they can set up their mobile devices to disallow one touch purchases and enforce password entry before any real-dollar purchase. Parents and guardians are responsible for maintaining password security for these systems and in general should not share passwords with their children. The following links describe how to make sure purchase verification is in place: //support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1626831?hl=en-GB http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201112050 http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4009'  Security Developer's games and websites may contain advertisements or other links to other websites or apps as a service to you. These third party sites and apps are outside of our control and your activities with them are subject to their terms and privacy practices. We encourage you to review their terms and privacy practices before sharing any personal information with them  but we are not responsible for their privacy practices or for your disclosure of information to them. Nevertheless  we only want to be working with partners who exercise best practices  so if you ever have concerns about third parties  you may contact us at support@amt-games.com so that we can review our relationship with them.  Developer takes appropriate and reasonable precautions to protect the information you provide  both during delivery and communication and in its stored location. We urge you to keep private your login and password information  to log out from any computer or mobile device that could be accessed by someone else  and to refrain from leaving written passwords near your computer. If you believe your account has been compromised  please reset your account password immediately  or contact us at support@amt-games.com so that we may assist you.  Additional Options and Questions If you do not agree with this privacy policy  you may still use most of our website features and games without registering at all  or you have the option to register without sharing any personally identifiable information. If we do not have a valid email for you  however  it may limit or completely prevent us from providing fast or effective customer support. Without a valid email  you will also not be able to receive beta invites  promotions  discounts  update notices  and new release notices; you may opt out of emails at any time by following the instructions provided in each email.  If we do not have a valid email for you  however  it may limit   or completely prevent us from providing fast or effective customer support.    Without a valid email  you will also not be able to receive beta   invites  promotions  discounts  update notices  and new release notices; you   may opt out of emails at any time by following the instructions provided in   each email.    Feel free to contact us about any questions regarding Developer or our policies at support@amt-games.com  \xA9 2017 AMT-Games Terms | Privacy | Forum | Affiliate Hey  guys \ \ we use cookies  just as everyone else does. So if you continue reading our site\ \ this means you don't mind us using cookies.  