 Products Mobile Endpoint Security App Security Personal Threat Intelligence See All Products arrow_forward Services Lookout App Security Assessment Lookout Threat Advisory See Lookout Services arrow_forward Why Lookout? Insights Blogs Customers Events See All Resources arrow_forward About Life at Lookout Careers Leadership Partners Privacy & Security Foundation Contact Us About Us arrow_forward Log In Personal Enterprise Partners Log In  'Lookout Privacy Policy Effective Date: November 15  2016 A lot of companies say they care about your privacy - we say it and mean it!'  This document is our Privacy Policy  which describes what information we collect from you and how we use it. It is part of the Lookout Terms of Service (available at www.lookout.com/legal/terms). Our Privacy Policy applies to our websites (including at www.lookout.com and our mobile websites)  our mobile application  and all other Lookout Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Service). It covers personal information  which is information we can link to you personally. Personal Information (PI) includes data like your name  email address  phone number  or mobile device's unique identifier  among other things.  It covers personal information  which is information we can link   to you personally.    It is part of the Lookout Terms of Service (available at www.lookout.com/legal/terms).    Our Privacy Policy applies to our websites (including at www.lookout.com   and our mobile websites)  our mobile application  and all other Lookout Services   (as that term is defined in our Terms of Service).    Personal Information (PI) includes data like your name  email   address  phone number  or mobile device's unique identifier  among other things.    This document is our Privacy Policy  which describes what information   we collect from you and how we use it.    Lookout reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law  our data collection and use practices  the features of our services  or advances in technology. Please check this page periodically for changes. By continuing to use our services  you accept those changes and agree to be bound by the updated policy. Please contact us at privacy@lookout.com if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy. We Collect Information From You to Provide You with a Service Information Lookout Collects What You Should Know About Specific Products Cookie Policy How We Use the Information We Collect Your Choices Data Retention Policy Information Posted to Our Blog and Community Forum Is Public We Take Security Seriously You Are Responsible for Maintaining the Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password Notice to California Users International Visitors and the Privacy Shield Users Under 13 We Are Not Responsible for Content on Third-Party Websites This Privacy Policy Will Apply Upon Change in Control We Post Updates on Our Website Whenever This Policy Changes Contact Us if You Have Any Questions or Concerns  You Are Responsible for Maintaining the Accuracy and Confidentiality   of Your Email Address and Password    1. We Collect Information to Provide You with Lookout Services  We are committed to only collecting the information necessary to provide and improve Lookout Services. When we do collect your information  we store it and associate it with your account unless otherwise noted. We take your privacy very seriously and will only use and disclose this information as described in this Privacy Policy.  Note that some of our products are standalone products  collect only limited information or no information at all. Not every section of this Privacy Policy will apply to these products.  2. Information Lookout Collects a. Registration Information To create an account  you must provide your email address and a password. You may also enter your mobile phone number on our website to initiate a text message with directions on how to download the app and register.  To create an account  you must provide your email address and a   password.    You may also enter your mobile phone number    b. Credit Card Information If you purchase a Lookout Service subscription directly from us  we collect your credit card number  expiration date  security code and other applicable billing information. We use this information to bill you for services. Lookout uses third-party payment processors and therefore has only limited information about your payment transactions.  c. Device Information When you use Lookout Services  our servers automatically record certain information about your mobile device. This information may include an equipment identifier (e.g.  IMEI  UDID)  subscriber identifier (e.g.  IMSI)  device name  mobile phone number  device type and manufacturer  operating system type and version  wireless carrier/operator  network type  country of origin  Internet Protocol (IP) address  and the dates and times of your requests. We use this information to provide our services  and support if needed  and to create de-identified or aggregate information about our users. For example  collecting your device's phone number allows the service to contact your phone via SMS when you locate your phone from the Lookout web application.  This information may include an equipment identifier (e.g.  IMEI    UDID)  subscriber identifier (e.g.  IMSI)  device name  mobile phone number    device type and manufacturer  operating system type and version  wireless carrier/operator    network type  country of origin  Internet Protocol (IP) address  and the dates   and times of your requests.    When you use Lookout Services  our servers automatically record   certain information about your mobile device.    d. Employment Application Information If you wish to fill out our employment application form  we will ask for information  including your name  email address  phone number  and allow you to upload your resume and cover letter. We use this information to determine if you are an eligible candidate for an available position  to contact you to set up an interview if appropriate and to follow up with you about your application experience.  If you wish to fill out our employment application form  we will   ask for information  including your name  email address  phone number  and allow   you to upload your resume and cover letter.    e. Social Media Features Our website includes social media Features (Features)  like the Facebook recommend button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. If you use these Features  they will collect your IP address  which page you are visiting on our site  and set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Features may be hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the Feature  not by Lookout's Privacy Policy.  If you use these Features  they will collect your IP address  which   page you are visiting on our site  and set a cookie to enable the Feature to   function properly.    Our website includes social media Features (Features)  like the   Facebook recommend button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site.    f. Information About Your Use of Lookout Services on Your Phone  We use analytics software so that we can improve the features and usability of our products. This software may analyze information such as how often you use the application  the events that occur within the application  and where the application was downloaded. We may also use such information to show you relevant content and suggest new features  products and services that can enhance your use of the Lookout Service. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app.  g. Information About Your Use of Lookout's Websites (including Mobile Websites) and Emails  We use analytics services to measure how people use our website and emails so that we can improve our products and services and provide more relevant content to you. Analytics services may work by embedding invisible images that are associated with unique identifiers on our site  by using cookies or other local device storage or by using web beacons  web bugs  clear gifs  and similar tracking technologies.  Analytics services may work by embedding invisible images that   are associated with unique identifiers on our site     We use analytics services to measure how people use our website   and emails so that we can improve our products and services and provide more   relevant content to you.    h. Premium Content & Promotions We may ask for your email address and other contact information in order to access various Lookout content  such as whitepapers  videos  or other research materials  to participate in surveys  contests  promotions  or sweepstakes  or to obtain additional information about Lookout services and products. This information will be used to provide you with additional information on products and services from Lookout or our business partners  which might be of interest to you. You can choose not to receive such marketing communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails  as further described below.  This information will be used to provide you with additional information   on products and services from Lookout or our business partners  which might   be of interest to you.    You can choose not to receive such marketing communications by   clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails  as further described below.    h. Premium Content & Promotions We may ask for your email address   and other contact information in order to access various Lookout content  such   as whitepapers  videos  or other research materials  to participate in surveys    contests  promotions  or sweepstakes  or to obtain additional information about   Lookout services and products.    i. Location Information Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in. Lookout may collect location information in two ways. We may receive it directly from your mobile device  or  in some situations  we may receive location data from cell tower or Wi-Fi hotspot information. We may use third-party service providers to translate that information into usable location information.  Lookout may collect location information in two ways.    Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are   in.    We may receive it directly from your mobile device  or  in some   situations  we may receive location data from cell tower or Wi-Fi hotspot information.    j. Other Information You Provide to Us To the extent you use our products or services to voluntarily provide us with any other information  we may collect such information and use it for the purposes for which you provided such information  or as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy. We also collect information described in the following section.  3. What You Should Know About Specific Products This section provides additional information about specific services and features that are part of the Lookout Services. The information is used as described in this section and in the section entitled How We Use the Information We Collect below.  a. Security and Anti-Virus Lookouts Security features  which are available on different platforms  help protect your device from malware and spyware. They scan files and applications after you install Lookout Security and as new applications are installed or accessed to detect any threats to you and your mobile device. They also automatically scan your entire device periodically  and regularly update your threat definitions. In order to perform these functions  we need to collect information about the applications and files present on your device  the results of any scans performed by our services  and actions you take as a result of scanning.  'What types of information does Lookout Security collect: Information about the type of device you are using and the operating system you are running Lookout''s Security features collect information about the type of device and operating system you are running so that we can both improve our products and also give you more accurate information about malware and spyware that might affect you and your device(s). Information about scans and scan results.'  We collect information about the applications on your device in order to conduct scans and to download copies of scanned files. This may include downloading a copy of part or entire copies of application files on your device if we encounter an application that we have not previously analyzed. We may also collect information about how applications behave on your device (e.g.  whether an application is sending premium-rate text messages that charge money to your phone bill) and the network services with which your applications communicate  in order to determine if any applications are behaving maliciously (e.g.  whether an application is talking to a server known to host phishing websites). Each time Lookout performs a scan  we collect information that describes what files and applications are identified by the scan as potentially undesirable and your choice for remediation of those files (e.g.  uninstall or ignore).  'How the information collected by Lookout Security is used: Our purpose in collecting application data and security scan data is to provide you with protections to help keep you and your data safe and to optimize and improve our Lookout Services.'  We may aggregate your data with other customers' data in non-personally identifiable  aggregated  and de-identified form to better understand current malware and spyware threats and to improve the Lookout Security features and service. We may also share this de-identified aggregated data publicly  in order to help others understand mobile threats and gain insights into particular mobile applications.  b. Backup Lookout Backup stores copies of data that you choose to back up from your phone.  'What types of information Backup collects: Backup Data.'  Lookout Backup transmits a copy of the data you choose to back up to on your device to a server using an encrypted protocol. The data may include your contacts  call history  pictures  and other data. Lookout Backup automatically backs up your data weekly or daily  based on your settings  can enable a data to transfer to a new or existing phone  and allows you to retrieve your data any time from Lookout.com.  Lookout Backup automatically backs up your data weekly or daily    based on your settings  can enable a data to transfer to a new or existing phone    and allows you to retrieve your data any time from Lookout.com.    Lookout Backup transmits a copy of the data you choose to back   up to on your device to a server using an encrypted protocol.    The data may include your contacts  call history  pictures  and   other data.    'How the information that Backup collects is used: If you use Lookout Backup  we will use the data you provide to deliver the Lookout Backup service. In order to notify you in the case of malicious behavior on your phone  Lookout may also scan both the data that is stored on your phone and backed up to our servers.'  c. Missing Device Lookout's Missing Device service helps you find and secure your lost or stolen phone or tablet. You can locate your phone on a map using location information provided by your phone  activate a loud siren even if your volume is muted so that you can find a phone lost nearby  wipe your phone  or lock your phone. Features and settings are controlled through our website at Lookout.com.  Features and settings are controlled through our website at Lookout.com.    You can locate your phone on a map using location information provided   by your phone  activate a loud siren even if your volume is muted so that you   can find a phone lost nearby  wipe your phone  or lock your phone.    c. Missing Device Lookout's Missing Device service helps you find   and secure your lost or stolen phone or tablet.    'What types of information Missing Device collects: We collect location data from your device in order to provide this service to you.'  'What types of information Missing Device collects: We collect   location data from your device in order to provide this service to you.'    'How the information that Missing Device collects is used: Our purpose in collecting this information is to provide you with the location of your device when you request it. If you activate the locate feature in Missing Device  your browser will send location information to third-party map providers (e.g. Google Maps) in order to display a map of the location within your Lookout account webpage. When activating this feature  we track the device''s location for several minutes in order to provide an accurate location for you. This information is retained in your account history so you can use it to help find your device.'  When activating this feature  we track the device's location for   several minutes in order to provide an accurate location for you.    d. Signal Flare Signal Flare collects and stores information in the same way as Missing Device (see above). If you have enabled Signal Flare  it collects location information and sends it back to Lookout when your battery is running low. After which  we save the phone's location at the time we received the low battery alert to Lookout.com. This feature will help you locate your phone near its last known location if you lose it and its battery dies.  If you have enabled Signal Flare  it collects location information   and sends it back to Lookout when your battery is running low.    e. Safe Browsing Safe Browsing is a feature available when using the Android default browser  the Chrome browser and other supported browsers. Safe Browsing is designed to identify and warn you of unsafe websites so that you can choose to avoid visiting them. It scans URLs that you visit on supported browsers and may also scan URLs you receive on your phone (e.g. via SMS).  'What types of information Safe Browsing collects: URLs.'  To provide the Safe Browsing service  we may transmit the URLs you receive or visit on your phone to a Lookout-provided or third-party service to determine if those URLs are unsafe (e.g.  if the URLs contain phishing attacks  malwares  or exploits). If a URL you visit is determined to be unsafe  we store a record of the unsafe URL.  'How the information that Safe Browsing collects is used: We use the record of unsafe URLs you visit (1) to provide you with notice that you attempted to reach an unsafe site (e.g.  when you log in to the Lookout website or via email) and (2) to improve our product and conduct analysis. If you do not want us to record the unsafe URLs you visit  you may turn Safe Browsing off; all other Lookout features will continue to function.'  'f. Theft Alerts Lookout''s Theft Alerts feature uses your device''s camera and location features to help you figure out where your device might be (and who might have it) in the event that your device is lost or stolen. If Theft Alerts is activated  the application monitors certain device behaviors to trigger user alerts  which may include: Incorrect password entries on your device or Lookout mobile application''s lock screen; Removal or change of SIM cards; Enablement of airplane mode; Disablement of Lookout device administrator capabilities (via device settings or through the mobile application); and Powering down the device (not through a battery event).'  'If Theft Alerts is activated  the application monitors certain   device behaviors to trigger user alerts  which may include: Incorrect password   entries on your device or Lookout mobile application''s lock screen; Removal   or change of SIM cards; Enablement of airplane mode; Disablement of Lookout   device administrator capabilities (via device settings or through the mobile   application); and Powering down the device (not through a battery event).'    Theft Alerts Lookout's Theft Alerts feature uses your device's   camera and location features to help you figure out where your device might   be (and who might have it) in the event that your device is lost or stolen.    Theft Alerts starts Backup and activates your device's camera remotely  without sound or other notification  and sends the resulting picture and its GPS coordinates to the email address associated with your account. For example  if someone steals your phone and fails to enter your correct password within three attempts  removes your SIM card  or powers off your device  Theft Alerts could allow you to see what they look like and figure out where they are without alerting them.  Theft Alerts starts Backup and activates your device's camera remotely    without sound or other notification  and sends the resulting picture and its   GPS coordinates to the email address associated with your account.    What types of information does Theft Alerts collect  if activated:\ \ Passcode entry attempts and other technical device data. \u2022 In addition\ \ to the photographic and location information described above  the application\ \ keeps track of the device behaviors that trigger Theft Alerts.  'What types of information does Theft Alerts collect  if activated:   Passcode entry attempts and other technical device data.'    \u2022 In addition to the photographic and location information\   \ described above  the application keeps track of the device behaviors that\   \ trigger Theft Alerts.    'How the information that Theft Alerts collects is used: When Theft Alerts is activated and a photo is taken  the picture and location data are stored briefly on our servers so we can send you an email with the picture and a map of your device''s location. The picture is then deleted from our server. We send the email to the address associated with your account (or for Group Plans  to the address associated with the device that took the photo)  so remember to keep your email address up to date in your account settings. We use technical information about Theft Alert''s activities on your device to study  optimize  and troubleshoot our products.'  When Theft Alerts is activated and a photo is taken  the picture   and location data are stored briefly on our servers so we can send you an email   with the picture and a map of your device's location.    g. Group Plans Group Plans link multiple devices to one master account that controls the Group Plan owner's device as well as certain features of devices associated with the Group Plan. Users of the additional devices on the plan retain their own unique accounts  but Group Plan owners have control over some functions of Group Plan members' devices  as described below.  'What types of information Group Plans collect: Lookout does not collect any additional information from users in Group Plans.'  'How the information that Group Plans collects is used: In a Group Plan  such as a Family Plan  one master user has authority to perform certain functions on devices belonging to other members of the group. For example  in a Family Plan  a parent device may be able to lock  wipe  or locate a child''s device. The latter feature would allow a parent to access data about the child''s device in the section on Missing Device. A parent device having authority over other Group Plan users  generally does not have access to the data on a child''s device unless  for example  the data on the device is downloaded and transferred to another device to which the parent phone has access.'  A parent device having authority over other Group Plan users  generally   does not have access to the data on a child's device unless  for example  the   data on the device is downloaded and transferred to another device to which   the parent phone has access.    For example  in a Family Plan  a parent device may be able to lock    wipe  or locate a child's device.    'How the information that Group Plans collects is used: In a Group   Plan  such as a Family Plan  one master user has authority to perform certain   functions on devices belonging to other members of the group.'    The latter feature would allow a parent to access data about the   child's device in the section on Missing Device.    Users must agree to give the parent this functionality. You can determine if your device is part of a Group Plan by checking the settings on your device.  h. Customer Care Web Application If your mobile operator participates in our Customer Care Web Application program  you can call your mobile operator to find and secure your phone or tablet if it is lost or stolen.  'What types of user information does the Customer Care Web Application collect: Your phone number  if available  and information about the type of device and operating system you are using to ensure that customer service representatives accurately identify and manage the remote functions on your device.'  'What types of user information does the Customer Care Web Application   collect: Your phone number  if available  and information about the type of   device and operating system you are using to ensure that customer service representatives   accurately identify and manage the remote functions on your device.'    How the information is used: Customer Care Web Application enables\ \ mobile operators and their customer service representatives to perform remote\ \ functions on your device at your request  including: Locating the device  Locking\ \ the device  Wiping the device  or Activating a loud siren (Scream\uF8E8).  How the information is used: Customer Care Web Application enables\   \ mobile operators and their customer service representatives to perform remote\   \ functions on your device at your request  including: Locating the device \   \ Locking the device  Wiping the device  or Activating a loud siren (Scream\uF8E8\   ).    Customer service representatives may perform such functions only at your request and with your consent. To protect users' privacy  whenever a customer service representative executes any of the above functions  Lookout immediately notifies the user via email. Customer service representatives do not have access to nor control over any user data backed up via Lookout's mobile application.  'i. Identity Protection Services Our optional Identity Protection Services offer certain services to help reduce the risk and damage associated with identity theft. These optional services may include: (a) a breach report service that may alert you when a company or service you use has experienced a data breach; (b) an identity monitoring service  where we will monitor the Internet for certain information about you and alert you when we discover that information exposed online; (c) a social media monitoring service designed to monitor your social media accounts and alert you if it discovers your personal information being publicly shared or the use of offensive language on your account; (d) a social security trace service designed to obtain and provide you with reports on names  addresses and aliases associated with your social security number and alert you of changes; and (e) identity restoration services that allow you to contact customer service specialists to help you if your identity is stolen.'  'What types of information do the Identity Protection Services collect: Contact information (such as name  address  phone number  and e-mail address); private information (such as driver''s license number  social security number  passport number  or other identification number); financial information (such as bank account  debit and credit card numbers); medical insurance number; and other personal information about you (or other people you enroll in the service) that you provide to us in connection with your enrollment in our identity protection products.'  'What types of information do the Identity Protection Services   collect: Contact information (such as name  address  phone number  and e-mail   address);'    Information regarding the types of companies or services that may have access to information about you  such as the names of your financial institutions. You may provide us with this information directly. We may also scan the apps on your device to understand other companies or services that may have access to information about you and provide you with breach alerts. Information regarding any actual or suspected identity theft involving you  such as the circumstances of the identity theft and any losses suffered by you as a result of the identity theft. Other information you provide us in connection with these services. Information in reports that we collect to provide you with the service.  'How the information above is used: The information we collect will depend on the types of identity protection products you enroll in. This information is required in order to verify your identity  charge you the agreed upon fees  and provide you with the Identity Protection Services  including by communicating with third parties (such as identification verification companies  consumer reporting agencies  credit bureaus  payment validation companies  law enforcement agencies  and others) in order to provide those services to you. We may provide this information to our third-party service providers who assist us in providing you with identity protection services  or allow these service providers to collect certain information directly from you. These service providers may in turn provide your data to third parties for purposes of providing you with the services requested. We and/or our service providers may also provide you with monitoring and alerts and obtain information and reports about you (or about others that you have enrolled) in order to provide the Identity Protection Services  including address history  name  alias and other reports. We require that our service providers use data collected from you only for purposes of providing services to Lookout. If you upgrade to a Premium Subscription that includes identity theft insurance  we will use your information to provide you with assistance and applicable insurance coverage if your identity is compromised.'  4. Cookie Policy Types of Cookies Like many online services  we use cookies and other tools to collect and analyze information about you and your usage of our products and services. We also use these technologies to deliver content for relevant Lookout products and services. Cookies are small data files that we store on your computers or device. For details  see aboutcookies.org.  Cookie Policy Types of Cookies Like many online services  we use   cookies and other tools to collect and analyze information about you and your   usage of our products and services.    Cookies are small data files that we store on your computers or   device.    For details  see aboutcookies.org.    We also use these technologies to deliver content for relevant   Lookout products and services.    How We Use Cookies We use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use our services  to better understand how you interact with our services  and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic information on our services. Session cookies disappear when you log out and close your browser. We also use persistent cookies to recognize you when you return to our services. Persistent cookies can stay on your computer for a longer period of time than session cookies do. We also use analytical cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our services and how they're using them. This helps us to improve the way our website works  for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily. Finally  we may use other standard technologies  such as web beacons  web bugs  clear gifs  and local storage  to analyze  collect and aggregate data about your use of our products and services.  Finally  we may use other standard technologies  such as web beacons    web bugs  clear gifs  and local storage  to analyze  collect and aggregate data   about your use of our products and services.    How We Use Cookies We use session cookies to keep you logged   in while you use our services  to better understand how you interact with our   services  and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic information on our   services.    Persistent cookies can stay on your computer for a longer period   of time than session cookies do.    Session cookies disappear when you log out and close your browser.    They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and   to see how visitors move around our services and how they're using them.    This helps us to improve the way our website works  for example   by making sure users are finding what they need easily.    We also use analytical cookies.    We also use persistent cookies to recognize you when you return   to our services.    Cookies From Third-Parties We believe it is important for you to know exactly what third-party cookies we use on our website and services. Here is a list of the third-party cookies that we currently use. As we develop and improve our services  we may use other third parties that are not listed below.  As we develop and improve our services  we may use other third   parties that are not listed below.    Cookies From Third-Parties We believe it is important for you to   know exactly what third-party cookies we use on our website and services.    Here is a list of the third-party cookies that we currently use.    Google Analytics - These cookies allow us to see how you use our website and mobile application so that we can improve your experience. We encourage you to read the Google Privacy Policy. If you don't want data reported by Google Analytics  Google permits you to opt out by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.  Google Analytics - These cookies allow us to see how you use our   website and mobile application so that we can improve your experience.    If you don't want data reported by Google Analytics  Google permits   you to opt out by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.    We encourage you to read the Google Privacy Policy.    Google AdWords - These cookies allow our vendors to serve ads based on your past visits to our sites and for remarketing purposes. Google may use this cookie and other tracking technology to show you our ads across the internet. Google permits you to opt out of Google's use of these cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings.  Google AdWords - These cookies allow our vendors to serve ads based   on your past visits to our sites and for remarketing purposes.    Google may use this cookie and other tracking technology to show   you our ads across the internet.    Google permits you to opt out of Google's use of these cookies   by visiting Google's Ads Settings.    Optimizely - These cookies allow us to optimize the look  feel and messaging of our website based upon how you use it. You can read the Optimizely Privacy Policy here.  Optimizely - These cookies allow us to optimize the look  feel   and messaging of our website based upon how you use it.    You can read the Optimizely Privacy Policy here.    Greenhouse - These cookies are used to provide you with a personalized user experience when you apply for a job with us. You can read the Greenhouse Privacy Policy here.  Greenhouse - These cookies are used to provide you with a personalized   user experience when you apply for a job with us.    You can read the Greenhouse Privacy Policy here.    Marketo - These cookies help us track your visits to our website and enable us to create an engaging marketing experience for you. We also use Marketo cookies to understand your interaction with the emails we send you  and to ensure we're sending you relevant information. For example  Marketo cookies let us know whether our emails have been opened  and which links are clicked. You can read the Marketo Privacy Policy here.  For example  Marketo cookies let us know whether our emails have   been opened  and which links are clicked.    Marketo - These cookies help us track your visits to our website   and enable us to create an engaging marketing experience for you.    We also use Marketo cookies to understand your interaction with   the emails we send you  and to ensure we're sending you relevant information.    You can read the Marketo Privacy Policy here.    LinkedIn Insights - These cookies help us track your visits and your interactions on our website so that we can provide with you an engaging marketing experience. They also enable us to deliver more relevant services and content on lookout.com and on LinkedIn's partner sites. You can read the LinkedIn Privacy Policy here.  LinkedIn Insights - These cookies help us track your visits and   your interactions on our website so that we can provide with you an engaging   marketing experience.    They also enable us to deliver more relevant services and content   on lookout.com and on LinkedIn's partner sites.    You can read the LinkedIn Privacy Policy here.    Social Media Features - Our website includes social media features  like the Facebook recommend button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. If you use these Features  they will collect your IP address  which page you are visiting on our site  and set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Features may be hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature  not by Lookout's Privacy Policy.  If you use these Features  they will collect your IP address  which   page you are visiting on our site  and set a cookie to enable the feature to   function properly.    Social Media Features - Our website includes social media features    like the Facebook recommend button or interactive mini-programs that run on   our site.    Mixpanel  Appboy and mParticle - These cookies allow us analyze and aggregate data regarding your use our mobile application. We encourage you to read the MixPanel Privacy Policy  Appboy Privacy Policy and mParticle Privacy Policy.  Mixpanel  Appboy and mParticle - These cookies allow us analyze   and aggregate data regarding your use our mobile application.    We encourage you to read the MixPanel Privacy Policy  Appboy Privacy   Policy and mParticle Privacy Policy.    '5. How We Use the Information We Collect In addition to the specific uses described above  we also use your information in the following manner: a. We Use Your Information to Provide  Improve  and Promote our Services.'  'We use your information to provide you with a better service  to improve our products and services  to promote our services and to develop new services. For example: If you fill out a survey or email Lookout for support  we may retain that information in order to provide you with support and to improve our services. Where available  Lookout may use client device information to let you know you need to update your operating system. We may send text messages to your phone to communicate with your device. We may use your email address or mobile number to send privacy or security related notices and notify you of major Lookout services changes. We may use your email address or mobile phone number to communicate about product announcements and special promotions from Lookout or our business partners  or to administer participation in special events  surveys  contests and sweepstakes. We may use your information to conduct market research and engage in joint promotional activities with companies that have products that can add value to Lookout products or services (for example  with mobile operators).'  We may use your email address or mobile number to send privacy   or security related notices and notify you of major Lookout services changes.    We may use your email address or mobile phone number to communicate   about product announcements and special promotions from Lookout or our business   partners  or to administer participation in special events  surveys  contests   and sweepstakes.    b. We May Disclose Your Information in Accordance with the Law.  'Like other companies  we may disclose your information consistent with the law to  for example: (i) comply with a law  regulation  or legal process (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements); (ii) protect the safety or security of any person  entity or facility; (iii) address potential violations of our Privacy Policy or Terms of Service; (iv) investigate fraud  security  or technical issues; or (v) protect Lookout''s or a third party''s rights or property  our employees  users and the public.'  We strongly believe that you have a right to know if we are required by law to disclose your information. As such  before we disclose your Information in response to a law enforcement request (for example  a subpoena or court order)  we will notify you at the email listed in your account  unless (a) we are prohibited from doing so or (b) in emergency cases where notice could create a risk of injury or death  or the case involves potential harm to minors. Furthermore  nothing in this Privacy Policy is meant to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's  including the government's  request to disclose your information.  c. We Share Your Information to Provide or Improve Our Services  We share your information with third parties to provide or improve\ \ our services. For example: We may share your information with third party service\ \ providers of products and services integrated with our software that need to\ \ know your information to fulfill your product or service requests (for example \ \ to map your location  send you an SMS or provide you with identity protection\ \ services)  support our products and services  or analyze data for product performance\ \ and product improvement purposes. We may share your information with mobile\ \ operators who participate in our Customer Care Web Application program to enable\ \ them to assist you directly with Lookout Missing Device features  such as remote\ \ locate  lock  wipe  or Scream\uF8E8 through our Customer Care Web Application \ \ at your request. We may share your information to perform accounting  auditing \ \ billing reconciliation  and collection activities. We may share your information\ \ with our affiliates  resellers or other third party service providers that are\ \ working with Lookout (for example  mobile operators and MDM providers) to ensure\ \ proper delivery of your purchase and related support services  perform business-related\ \ functions  and provide you with information about products and services.  d. We Share Your Information to Avoid Unnecessary Marketing In order to prevent you from receiving duplicate or unnecessary marketing about Lookout products or service  we may share your information or your status as a current Lookout customer with our partners or service providers.  e. We Share Data That is Aggregated and De-Identified We share de-identified or aggregated data publicly and with our partners and other third-parties. For example  we may share the number of devices that have ever encountered a particular piece of malware in our security reports.  f. We May Disclose Your Information With Your Consent We may also share your personal information with third parties when we have your consent to do so.  6. Your Choices a. You Can Access and Update Your Settings Your Lookout Account on our website and/or the Lookout 'Settings' page on our mobile application allow you to update or modify certain settings that affect what data is shared with us (for example  by disabling backups of certain types of data). To protect your privacy and security  we require your username and password in order to verify your identity before granting you account access or making changes. If you wish to correct or delete inaccuracies within your personal information  or to request access to any personal information we obtain about you  please contact us at privacy@lookout.com. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days. In certain situations  however  Lookout may not be able to provide access to or delete all of the personal information that it holds about you.  If you wish to correct or delete inaccuracies within your personal   information  or to request access to any personal information we obtain about   you  please contact us at privacy@lookout.com.    In certain situations  however  Lookout may not be able to provide   access to or delete all of the personal information that it holds about you.    To protect your privacy and security  we require your username   and password in order to verify your identity before granting you account access   or making changes.    We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.    You Can Access and Update Your Settings Your Lookout Account on   our website and/or the Lookout 'Settings' page on our mobile application allow   you to update or modify certain settings that affect what data is shared with   us (for example  by disabling backups of certain types of data).    Your Choices a.    b. Email Opt-Outs You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from Lookout by using the unsubscribe link within each email. Although opt-out requests are usually processed immediately  please allow ten (10) business days for a removal request to be processed. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us  you will continue to receive transactional and product-related messages from us regarding Lookout Services. You can opt-out of some of these notification messages in your account settings.  c. Personalized Advertisements You may be able to opt out of receiving certain personalized advertisements from companies who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page or the Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page to opt out directly from providers who participate in those programs. Lookout does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.  d. Cookies Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies  but some browsers may permit you to change your settings or use third-party tools to disable cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies from the websites you visit. These browsers or other third party tools may also permit you to delete cookies you already have. Please be aware that some parts of our services may not work for you if you delete or disable cookies. For other options regarding cookies  please visit our Cookie Policy.  For other options regarding cookies  please visit our Cookie Policy.    Please be aware that some parts of our services may not work for   you if you delete or disable cookies.    These browsers or other third party tools may also permit you to   delete cookies you already have.    d. Cookies Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies    but some browsers may permit you to change your settings or use third-party   tools to disable cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies from the   websites you visit.    e. Location When you delete location data through your account dashboard on Lookout.com  it is no longer linked to your account and is de-identified on our application production systems.  e. Location When you delete location data through your account   dashboard on Lookout.com  it is no longer linked to your account and is de-identified   on our application production systems.    '7. Data Retention Policy Our policy is to retain personally identifiable information only as long as reasonably necessary to provide our products and services to you and others or as otherwise required for legal compliance purposes. We may delete your data if your account is inactive and as otherwise provided in our Terms of Service. Currently for Lookout Backup  our policy is to delete: (i) all Backup Data if you have not accessed our services for 90 consecutive days  or (ii) pictures and call history from your Backup Data if you have not upgraded to a Premium Subscription within 90-days after your Premium trial or if you have discontinued your Premium Subscription for 90 consecutive days. We will generally notify you via the email address associated with your account before deleting your Backup Data. We may change that policy from time to time.'  'Currently for Lookout Backup  our policy is to delete: (i) all   Backup Data if you have not accessed our services for 90 consecutive days  or   (ii) pictures and call history from your Backup Data if you have not upgraded   to a Premium Subscription within 90-days after your Premium trial or if you   have discontinued your Premium Subscription for 90 consecutive days.'    Data Retention Policy Our policy is to retain personally identifiable   information only as long as reasonably necessary to provide our products and   services to you and others or as otherwise required for legal compliance purposes.    We may change that policy from time to time.    We may delete your data if your account is inactive and as otherwise   provided in our Terms of Service.    We will generally notify you via the email address associated with   your account before deleting your Backup Data.    8. Information Posted to Our Blog and Community Forum Is Public  If you comment on our blog or other public forums  you should be aware that any information you submit there can be read  collected  or used by other users of those blogs  and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these blogs or for any content you receive as a result of sharing such information.  To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum  contact us at privacy@lookout.com. If we are not able to remove your personal information  we will let you know why.  9. We Take Security Seriously Lookout is a security company  and securing your data is important to us. Lookout uses commercially reasonable physical  managerial  and technical safeguards. For example  we use a combination of firewalls  authentication  physical security  and other safeguards to protect your account and your data. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number or location based information) on our website  within the Lookout app  or in our order forms  we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We also perform third-party penetration tests to harden our systems from attack.  When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number   or location based information) on our website  within the Lookout app  or in   our order forms  we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure   socket layer technology (SSL).    Because no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure  we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information  data or content that Lookout receives on your behalf to operate the Lookout services  or that you transmit to Lookout. All such receipt or transmission of your information is at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that such information will not be accessed  disclosed  altered  or destroyed by breach of any of our physical  technical  or managerial safeguards.  If Lookout learns of a security breach  we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Lookout may also post a notice on the Lookout services if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live  you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.  10. You Are Responsible for Maintaining the Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password  You Are Responsible for Maintaining the Accuracy and Confidentiality   of Your Email Address and Password    You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password at all times. We recommend a strong password that you do not use with other services. If you believe your password has been compromised  please change your password immediately via the Lookout website  or contact us at support@lookout.com for assistance. You are responsible for ensuring that the email address associated with your account is accurate. We use that email to contact you about service updates  changes to our policies  and account activities such as requests for your information or locate attempts on your device. Lookout is not responsible for personal data transmitted to a third party as a result of a user's providing an incorrect email address.  If you believe your password has been compromised  please change   your password immediately via the Lookout website  or contact us at support@lookout.com   for assistance.    Lookout is not responsible for personal data transmitted to a third   party as a result of a user's providing an incorrect email address.    We recommend a strong password that you do not use with other services.    We use that email to contact you about service updates  changes   to our policies  and account activities such as requests for your information   or locate attempts on your device.    You are responsible for ensuring that the email address associated   with your account is accurate.    You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password   at all times.    11. Notice to California Users Do Not Track Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal  the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. For information about Do Not Track  visit www.allaboutdnt.org. At this time  we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. In addition  some of our third-party services providers may use standard technology  such as cookies  pixel tags and web beacons  to collect information about your internet activities. You may be able to disable certain third-party cross-site tracking as described in the Your Choices section above.  At this time  we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings   or signals.    For information about Do Not Track  visit www.allaboutdnt.org.    In addition  some of our third-party services providers may use   standard technology  such as cookies  pixel tags and web beacons  to collect   information about your internet activities.    Notice to California Users Do Not Track Do Not Track is a privacy   preference that users can set in their web browsers.    When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal  the browser sends   a message to websites requesting them not to track the user.    You may be able to disable certain third-party cross-site tracking   as described in the Your Choices section above.    12. International Visitors and the Privacy Shield Lookout is a San Francisco-based company with servers housed in the United States. Personal information collected from users outside the United States is transferred to the United States. Lookout has certified with the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection  use  and retention of personal data from Switzerland. Lookout may process some personal data from individuals or companies in Switzerland via other compliance mechanisms  including data processing agreements based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. To learn more about the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor program  and to view Lookout's certification  please visit http://export.gov/safeharbor.  Lookout has further certified with the Privacy Shield as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection  use  and retention of personal data (as defined under the Privacy Shield principles) from applicable European Union member countries. Lookout has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of notice  choice  onward transfer  security  data integrity  access  and enforcement for such personal data. To learn more about the Privacy Shield  view a list of entities who have current certifications under Privacy Shield  or view Lookout's certification  please visit http://www.privacyshield.gov. As required under the principles  when Lookout receives information under the Privacy Shield and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on Lookout's behalf  Lookout has certain liability under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield and (ii) Lookout is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.  If you have any questions or complaints about Lookout's privacy practices  including questions related to the Privacy Shield  you may contact us at the email address or mailing address set forth under Contact Us if You Have Any Questions or Concerns. We will work with you to resolve your issue.  If you have any questions or complaints about Lookout's privacy   practices  including questions related to the Privacy Shield  you may contact   us at the email address or mailing address set forth under Contact Us if You   Have Any Questions or Concerns.    If you are a resident of the European Union and are dissatisfied with the manner in which we have addressed your concerns about our privacy practices  you may seek further assistance  at no cost to you  from our designated Privacy Shield independent recourse mechanism  which you can learn more about by visiting https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.  'Residents of the European Union may elect to arbitrate unresolved complaints but prior to initiating such arbitration  you must: (1) contact Lookout and afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) seek assistance from Lookout''s designated independent recourse mechanism above; and (3) contact the U.S. Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue. Each party shall be responsible for its own attorney''s fees. Please be advised that  pursuant to the Privacy Shield  the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific  non-monetary  equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to the individual. Lookout is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).'  In addition to the rights granted under the section above entitled  You Can Access and Update Your Privacy Settings  some international users (including those whose information we collect under the Privacy Shield) have certain legal rights to access certain information we hold about them and to obtain its deletion. To exercise those rights  these users may contact us at privacy@lookout.com with their request.  13. Users Under 13 Lookout does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13. If you believe a child is using this service without parental consent  please contact us at privacy@lookout.com.  14. We Are Not Responsible for Content on Third-Party Websites  Our site contains links to other websites. When you click on one of these links  you leave Lookout's website and go elsewhere. Lookout does not accept liability for misuse of any information by any website controller to which we may link. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites  which may differ from ours. In addition  if you take advantage of an offer from one of our partners  you may be providing information directly to that partner. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of these partners  as we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any partners or linked sites.  15. This Privacy Policy Will Apply Upon Change in Control  In the event that Lookout is involved in a bankruptcy  merger  acquisition  reorganization  or sale of assets  your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction.  16. We Post Updates on Our Website Whenever This Policy Changes  This Privacy Policy may be revised to keep pace with changes in our products and services and laws applicable to Lookout and you. If we make material changes to this policy  then we will notify you in our application  here on this website  by email  or by means of a notice on the Lookout home page. Please note that your continued use of our services means that you agree with  and consent to be bound by  the new Privacy Policy. If you do not wish your information to be subject to the revised Privacy Policy  you will need to close your account.  17. Contact Us if You Have Any Questions or Concerns  'Please contact our privacy manager at privacy@lookout.com  or by postal mail at Lookout  Inc.  Attn: Privacy Officer  One Front Street  Suite 2700  San Francisco  CA 94111  with any questions or comments about this privacy policy.'  Effective November 15  2016. Updated to (i) add information on new types of information collected  including for the identity protection services; (ii) clarify how information is collected and how Lookout uses and shares personal information; and (iii) add terms regarding Privacy Shield.  Effective as of June 25  2015. Updated to (i) include additional cookies  (ii) remove sections on Lookout for Business and Lookout Enterprise Security  and (iii) clarify how Lookout uses and shares personal information.  Effective as of June 25  2015.    Updated to (i) include additional cookies  (ii) remove sections   on Lookout for Business and Lookout Enterprise Security  and (iii) clarify how   Lookout uses and shares personal information.    Effective as of June 2  2015. Updated to include Marketo to cookie policy.  Effective as of June 2  2015.    Updated to include Marketo to cookie policy.    Effective as of October 15  2014. Updated to include a section on Lookout Enterprise Security.  Effective as of August 4  2014. Updated to include a section explaining the Customer Care Web Application and to clarify our data retention policy.  Effective as of May 15  2014. Updated to include a section on Theft Alerts.  Effective as of January 10  2013. Updated to clarify how we respond to Do Not Track browser settings.  Effective as of November 18  2013. Updated to (1) include a section explaining information collection and use as it relates to the Lookout For Business product  (2) assure that  unless prohibited by law or there is an emergency creating risk of injury or death  Lookout will notify users of a request for information before disclosure or preservation  (3) clarify Backup data feature  and (4) include Greenhouse  MixPanel  and Olark privacy policy.  Effective as of May 21  2013. Updated to (1) include that information submitted with an employment application is a type of PII that we collect  (2) include a section on Social Media Features  (3) inform that Lookout may share PII in to prevent its customers from receiving unnecessary marketing  (4) include a section explaining information collection and use as it relates to the Signal Flare feature  (5) clarify use of cookies  (6) assure that  unless we are legally prohibited from doing so  Lookout will notify users of a request for information  (7) clarify data storage  and (8) assure that the Privacy Policy will continue to control information if Lookout ever experiences a change in control.  Effective as of December 13  2012. Updated to include section on Lock Cam.  Effective as of October 1  2012. Updated to (1) include section on Group Plans  (2) clarify use of cookies  and (3) permit use by children with parent's consent as part of Group Plan.  Effective as of October 1  2012.    Updated to (1) include section on Group Plans  (2) clarify use   of cookies  and (3) permit use by children with parent's consent as part of   Group Plan.    Effective January 12  2012. Updated to clarify that unique device identifier (UDID) is a subset of equipment identifier that may be recorded on our servers when you use the Lookout Services  and to clarify our policy regarding the removal of personal information from blogs and community forums.  Effective January 12  2012.    Updated to clarify that unique device identifier (UDID) is a subset   of equipment identifier that may be recorded on our servers when you use the   Lookout Services  and to clarify our policy regarding the removal of personal   information from blogs and community forums.    Effective as of June 15  2011. Updated to include Safe Browsing and Lookout Security. Original policy effective as of May 8  2009.  Request A Demo Support Enterprise Support Programs Personal Support & FAQs  Partners Become a Partner Partner Login  News Press Releases  United States (English) keyboard_arrow_down United States (English)\ \ United Kingdom (English) Espa\xF1a (Espa\xF1ol) Deutschland (Deutsch) France\ \ (Fran\xE7ais) \u65E5\u672C (\u65E5\u672C\u8A9E) Polska (Polski) Brasil (Portugu\xEA\ s) \u0420\u043E\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044F (\u0420\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043A\u0438\u0439\ ) \u4E2D\u56FD (\u4E2D\u6587) \u4E2D\u570B (\u6F22\u8A9E) \uD55C\uAD6D (\uD55C\ \uAD6D\uC5B4)  Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Transparency Report \xA9 2017\ \ Lookout  Inc. Lookout  the Shield Logo  and Everything is OK are registered\ \ trademarks of Lookout  Inc.  Android is a trademark of Google Inc.  Apple  the Apple logo  and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc.  registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Products Mobile Endpoint Security App Security Personal Threat Intelligence See All Products Services Lookout App Security Assessment Lookout Threat Advisory See Lookout Services Why Lookout? Insights Blogs Customers Events See All Resources About Life at Lookout Careers Leadership Partners Privacy & Security Foundation Contact Us About Us  Log In Personal Enterprise Partners  clear  If you have enabled Signal Flare  it will not collect location information.  If you have enabled Signal Flare  it will not collect location   information.    Your mobile phone number\_is not collected.  Your mobile phone number\_is not collected.    Theft Alerts starts Backup and activates your device's camera remotely  without sound or other notification. It does not collect GPS coordinates and email addresses  though.  Theft Alerts starts Backup and activates your device's camera remotely    without sound or other notification. It does not collect GPS coordinates and   email addresses  though.    Our website does not include social media Features (Features)  like the Facebook recommend button or interactive mini-programs. Third parties will not collect your IP address and do not set cookies.  Our website does not include social media Features (Features)    like the Facebook recommend button or interactive mini-programs. Third parties   will not collect your IP address and do not set cookies.    We do not receive your email address and password.  We do not receive your email address and password.    The Identity Protection Services are not collecting contact information (such as name  address  phone number  and e-mail address);  The Identity Protection Services are not collecting contact information   (such as name  address  phone number  and e-mail address);    When Theft Alerts is activated and a photo is taken  the picture and location data are not stored on our servers.  When Theft Alerts is activated and a photo is taken  the picture   and location data are not stored on our servers.    When activating this feature  we do not track the device's location.  When activating this feature  we do not track the device's location.    Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in. However  Lookout does not collect location information. We do not receive it from your mobile device  cell towers  or Wi-Fi hotspots.  Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are   in. However  Lookout does not collect location information. We do not receive   it from your mobile device  cell towers  or Wi-Fi hotspots.    When you use Lookout Services  our servers do not record information about your mobile device  such as equipment identifiers (e.g.  IMEI  UDID)  subscriber identifiers (e.g.  IMSI)  device names  mobile phone numbers  device types and manufacturers  operating system types and versions  wireless carriers/operators  network types  countries of origin  Internet Protocol (IP) addresses  or the dates and times of your requests.  When you use Lookout Services  our servers do not record information   about your mobile device  such as equipment identifiers (e.g.  IMEI  UDID)    subscriber identifiers (e.g.  IMSI)  device names  mobile phone numbers  device   types and manufacturers  operating system types and versions  wireless carriers/operators    network types  countries of origin  Internet Protocol (IP) addresses  or the   dates and times of your requests.    