 Skip to main content Toggle navigation Games Mobile Blog Forums  'Apply Select Language: Mobile Application Privacy Policy SEGA Mobile Application Privacy Policy - Last Updated on April 26  2016'  Interest Based Ad Disclosure Precise Location Data Disclosure Sega of America  Inc. and Sega Networks Inc. and certain of their affiliate companies (collectively  Sega or we) respect the privacy rights of our consumers and we are committed to protecting the personal information collected about you. To further this commitment  we have adopted this Mobile Application Privacy Policy (Mobile Privacy Policy or MPP) to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using any of Sega's mobile products or services (App(s)). This Mobile Privacy Policy will inform you about Sega's policies and procedures regarding the collection  use and disclosure of your user information.  By using Sega Apps  you signify your assent to this Mobile Privacy Policy.  This Mobile Privacy Policy and the certification seal shown in this MPP confirm that Sega is a valid licensee  and participating member  of the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certified Program (ESRB Privacy Certified). To protect your privacy  we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and have had all of Sega's Apps where this MPP is posted  reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online data collection  use and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy program  we are subject to frequent audits of our Apps and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified. In addition  for U.S. users of our Apps  we adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for the Mobile Environment.  This MPP may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the Last Updated date above. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. If we make material changes to this MPP  we will provide you with additional notice of such changes by updating the description of the App in the applicable App store or by providing in-App alerts. Your continued use of the Apps shall constitute your agreement to this MPP and any future revisions.  Table of Contents 1. The Information Sega Collects 2. The Way Sega Uses Information 3. IBA Disclosure -Third Party Advertisers 4. When Sega Discloses Information 5. Precise Location Data 6. Your Choices 7. Sega's Commitment to Data Security 8. Questions or Comments about this Privacy Policy 1. The Information Sega Collects This MPP applies only to information submitted and collected by Sega via its Apps. The third party online/mobile store from which you purchase and/or install the Apps may also collect and use personal and non-personal information about you. This MPP does not apply to information that may be collected by such third party application store  and Sega is therefore not responsible for the information collected by such third party.  User-Provided Personal Information Although you may provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your phone number  e-mail address  credit card or other payment information  etc.) when purchasing an App  this information is provided to the online/mobile application store in connection with your purchase and/or registration of the App. The online/mobile application store providers do not share your information with Sega. Sega will not receive or retain any of the personally identifiable information you share with such store providers in connection with your use of the App. The information that we collect through your download and use of the Apps is limited to the public profile information within your social media profile on Google+  Facebook  and/or Twitter  if you choose to register your App account via such social media providers. This information may include your first and/or last name  profile picture  and e-mail address.  Although you may provide certain personally identifiable information   (such as your phone number  e-mail address  credit card or other payment information    etc.)    The information that we collect through your download and use of   the Apps is limited to the public profile information within your social media   profile on Google+  Facebook  and/or Twitter  if you choose to register your   App account via such social media providers.    This information may include your first and/or last name  profile   picture  and e-mail address.    when purchasing an App  this information is provided to the online/mobile   application store in connection with your purchase and/or registration of the   App.    For the support of internal operations  Sega collects your device identifier (device ID) and IP address. We do not access or store information that you have saved on your mobile device such as contacts and appointments. In addition  if permitted by your mobile device settings  the App may provide  to Third Party Advertisers  (i) your device ID (as further described in Section 3 and (ii) your precise location data (as further described in Section 5 ).  For the support of internal operations  Sega collects your device   identifier (device ID) and IP address.    In addition  if permitted by your mobile device settings  the App   may provide  to Third Party Advertisers     We do not access or store information that you have saved on your   mobile device such as contacts and appointments.    your device ID (as further described in Section 3 and    your precise location data (as further described in Section 5 ).    'Children''s Information Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important to Sega. For that reason  Sega does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information or non-personally identifiable information from users under 13 years of age  other than as permitted by law in support of the internal operations. If Sega learns that personally identifiable information of users under the age of 13 has been collected  other than for support of the internal operations  Sega will take reasonable steps to remove such information. If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected personal information about your child under 13 years of age  you may contact us at: Sega Networks Inc.'  'Customer Service Department 612 Howard Street Suite 200 San Francisco  CA 94105 privacy@sega.net Anonymous Information This is information that does not directly or indirectly identify you as an individual user. Sega and other third parties may passively collect non-personal information from you when you access or use Apps. We may collect: Imprecise location information  either provided by you or your mobile device interacting with one of our App(s). In addition  certain Location data may consist of personally identifiable information: See Section 5 Precise Location Data for additional information); Usage  viewing and technical data; and Any other information (such as device type) that may be passively collected by third parties (such as ad networks on free-to-play Apps).'  'In addition  certain Location data may consist of personally identifiable   information: See Section 5 Precise Location Data for additional information)'    Sega and other third parties may passively collect non-personal   information from you when you access or use Apps.    'We may collect: Imprecise location information  either provided   by you or your mobile device interacting with one of our App(s).'    Back to top 2. The Way Sega Uses Information We may use certain information (such as user usage data  IP addresses  device ID  browser type  clickstream data  cookies  etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Apps and to create new features  promotions  functionality  and services by storing  tracking  and analyzing user preferences and trends.  The Way Sega Uses Information We may use certain information (such   as user usage data  IP addresses  device ID  browser type  clickstream data    cookies  etc.)    to improve the quality and design of the Apps and to create new   features  promotions  functionality  and services by storing  tracking  and   analyzing user preferences and trends.    Back to top 3. IBA Disclosure - Third Party Advertisers Certain Sega Apps are currently supported by third party ad servers or ad networks that serve advertisements (Third Party Advertisers)  including behavioral or interest based advertising (Interest Based Advertising)  within the Sega Apps. These Third Party Advertisers use technology to send  directly to your mobile device  the advertisements and links that appear in the Sega Apps. They may automatically receive your device ID  IP address or geo-location data when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies  JavaScript  or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see. Please see this list of our Third Party Advertisers for certain Sega Apps  and their respective policy policies for information regarding their privacy practices.  Certain Sega Apps are currently supported by third party ad servers   or ad networks that serve advertisements (Third Party Advertisers)  including   behavioral or interest based advertising (Interest Based Advertising)  within   the Sega Apps.    These Third Party Advertisers use technology to send  directly   to your mobile device  the advertisements and links that appear in the Sega   Apps.    They may automatically receive your device ID  IP address or geo-location   data when this happens.    Opt-Out for Interest Based Advertising Your mobile device may allow you to opt out of certain Interest Based Advertising.  'iOS - On your iOS device (iPhone or iPad)  open Settings > Privacy > Advertising and turn on Limit Ad Tracking to opt-out of interest based ads. Please see additional information from Apple here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074'  Android - Open the Settings app on your Android phone  tap Ads and enable Opt out of interest based ads.  Please note that if you opt of certain Interest Based Advertising  you may continue to receive contextual ads based on other non-personal information  such as ads related to the content of the App you are using.  Back to top 4. When Sega Discloses Information We may share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous user usage data  mobile device type  etc.) with interested third parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content  advertisements  promotions and/or functionality on Sega Apps. In addition  certain Third Party Advertisers may collect limited personally identifiable information  such as device ID  IP address or geo-location data  as further described in Sections 3 and 5.  In addition  certain Third Party Advertisers may collect limited   personally identifiable information  such as device ID  IP address or geo-location   data  as further described in Sections 3 and 5.    We may receive and release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law  or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws  or respond to a court order  subpoena  or search warrant.  In instances when Sega is provided with personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information  we reserve the right to disclose such information that we believe  in good faith  is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Service (if applicable)  take precautions against liability  to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations  to assist government enforcement agencies  to protect the security or integrity of our Apps  and to protect the rights  property  or personal safety of Sega  our users or others.  Back to top 5. Precise Location Data Certain Third Party Advertisers in Sega Apps may collect precise location data  or street-level location information  about you. Your mobile device may allow you to opt out of the collection of Precise Location Data by the Third Party Advertiser in the Sega App  as further described below.  Certain Third Party Advertisers in Sega Apps may collect precise   location data  or street-level location information  about you.    'iOS - In order to disable the collection of Precise Location Data on iOS  you may turn Location Services off for the applicable Sega App via the menu Settings > Privacy > Location Services. Then select the applicable Sega App and set the Share My Location status to Never. Please see additional information from Apple here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033'  'Please see additional information from Apple here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033'    Then select the applicable Sega App and set the Share My Location   status to Never.    iOS - In order to disable the collection of Precise Location Data   on iOS  you may turn Location Services off for the applicable Sega App via the   menu Settings > Privacy > Location Services.    Android (6.0 / Marshmallow and higher) - In order to disable the collection of Precise Location Data on Android  you may turn Location off for the applicable Sega App via the menu Settings > Apps > [applicable Sega App] > Permissions > Location. Then turn off the Location button.  Android (6.0 / Marshmallow and higher) - In order to disable the   collection of Precise Location Data on Android  you may turn Location off for   the applicable Sega App via the menu Settings > Apps > [applicable Sega App]   > Permissions > Location.    Then turn off the Location button.    Back to top 6. Your Choices Some Sega Apps are free-to-play and supported by advertisements. In these instances  you may not opt out of receiving such advertisements. For those Sega Apps that you pay a fee  there may be specific targeted advertising. If you do not wish to be served advertisements  please do not use our Apps. Please contact Sega via email at privacy@sega.net with any questions or comments about your personal information  your consent  your opt-in or opt-out choices  or this MPP  in general.  'Your California Privacy Rights Since 2005  California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share user''s personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy  please write us: SEGA Networks Inc.'  Customer Service Department 612 Howard Street Suite 200 San Francisco  CA 94105 privacy@sega.net Back to top 7. Sega's Commitment to Data Security Sega uses commercially reasonable physical  managerial  and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of our systems. These safeguards include  among other things  limiting access to such data to those employees performing a legitimate business function  use of encryption and passwords  and the storage of data on secure servers or computers. These measures are also designed to protect any user information Sega may obtain  collect and/or retain as described in this MPP from unauthorized access  disclosure  use and modification. However  please be aware that  despite our best efforts  no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.  'Back to top 8. Questions or Comments about this Mobile Privacy Policy If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Mobile Privacy Policy  please contact us at: Sega Networks Inc.'  'Customer Service Department 612 Howard Street Suite 200 San Francisco  CA 94105 privacy@sega.net As aforementioned  Sega is a licensee of the ESRB''s Privacy Certified Program. If you believe that we have not responded to your privacy-related inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed  please contact ESRB at https://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.jsp  or: ESRB Attn: Privacy Certified Program 420 Lexington Avenue  Suite 2024 New York  NY 10170 privacy@esrb.org Back to top Appendix 1 - Third Party Advertising for certain SEGA Apps'  Last updated - April 25  2016 Crazy Taxi City Rush (Android) - AdMob (Google)  Applifier (Unity)  Applovin  Chartboost  MoPub (Twitter)  NativeX  Playhaven  Tapjoy  Vungle Crazy Taxi City Rush (iOS) - AdMob (Google)  Applifier (Unity)  Applovin  Chartboost  MoPub (Twitter)  NativeX  Playhaven  Tapjoy  Vungle Sonic All Stars Racing Transformed (Android) - Applifier (Unity)  Chartboost  MoPub (Twitter)  NativeX  Playhaven  Tapjoy  Vungle Sonic All Stars Racing Transformed (iOS) - Applifier (Unity)  Chartboost  MoPub (Twitter)  NativeX  Playhaven  Tapjoy  Vungle Sonic Dash (Android) - AdColony  AdMob (Google)  Applifier (Unity)  Applovin  Chartboost  Fyber  HyprMX  InMobi  IronSource  MediaBrix  MoPub (Twitter)  NativeX  Tapjoy  Vungle Sonic Dash (iOS) - AdColony  AdMob (Google)  Applifier (Unity)  Applovin  Chartboost  Fyber  HyprMX  InMobi  MediaBrix  MoPub (Twitter)  Playhaven  Tapjoy  Vungle Sonic Dash 2 (Android) - AdColony  AdMob (Google)  Applifier (Unity)  Applovin  Chartboost  Fyber  HyprMX  InMobi  IronSource  MediaBrix  MoPub (Twitter)  Vungle Sonic Dash 2 (iOS) - AdColony  AdMob (Google)  Applifier (Unity)  Applovin  Chartboost  Fyber  HyprMX  InMobi  MediaBrix  MoPub (Twitter)  Vungle Sonic Jump (Android) - Playhaven  Vungle Sonic Jump (iOS) - Playhaven  Vungle Sonic Jump Fever (Android) - AdColony  AdMob (Google)  Applifier (Unity)  Chartboost  MoPub (Twitter)  NativeX  Playhaven  Tapjoy  Vungle Sonic Jump Fever (iOS) - AdColony  AdMob (Google)  Applifier (Unity)  Applovin  Chartboost  MoPub (Twitter)  NativeX  Playhaven  Tapjoy  Vungle  Back to top Games All Games Upcoming Games  Brands Sonic the Hedgehog\u2122 Total War\u2122 Football Manager\u2122\ \ Aliens Company of Heroes\u2122 Motorsport Manager\u2122  SEGA STORES Total War Merchandise Sonic Merchandise  Company Careers Corporate Support PC EULA Privacy Mobile Privacy Cookie Policy Site terms  \xA9 SEGA. SEGA and the SEGA logo are either registered trademarks\ \ or trademarks of the SEGA Holdings Co.  Ltd or its affiliates. All rights reserved.\ \ SEGA is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. All other trademarks \ \ logos and copyrights are property of their respective owners. SEGA video games\ \ for PlayStation\xAE3 computer entertainment system  PS\xAE Vita System  PlayStation\xAE\ Network  PSP\xAE (PlayStation\xAEPortable) system  PC  PC Download  Xbox 360\xAE\   Xbox LIVE\xAE  Kinect\u2122 for Xbox 360\xAE  iPhone\xAE & iPod touch\xAE  iPad\xAE\   Andorid\u2122  Apple Mac\xAE  Apple Mac\xAE Download  Nintendo DS\u2122  Nintendo\ \ 3DS\u2122  Wii U\u2122  Wii\u2122 and WiiWare\u2122. Nintendo properties are\ \ trademarks of Nintendo. \xA9 2015 Nintendo. KINECT  Xbox  Xbox 360  Xbox LIVE \ \ and the Xbox logos are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies and are\ \ used under license from Microsoft. 2\  \PlayStation\  \\xC0\ and \PS3\\ \ are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.\ \ \\xC3\ is a trademark of the same company. All rights reserved.  This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here  By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of   cookies.    Find out more here    This site uses cookies.    Trending Dawn of War III All games Upcoming games Brands Company\ \ of Heroes Dawn of War Alien Isolation Total War Football Manager Hatsune Miku\ \ Yakuza Sonic The Hedgehog Motorsport Manager Platforms Android\u2122 iPad\xAE\ \ iPhone\xAE Nintendo 3DS\u2122 Nintendo Switch\u2122 PC Download PlayStation\xAE\ 3 system PlayStation\xAE4 system Wii U\u2122 Xbox 360\xAE Xbox One\xAE View all\ \ platforms Popular tags Action Adventure Aliens Fighting Free to play Puzzle\ \ Racing Sonic the Hedgehog Strategy Total War Games Blog  Check out the latest mobile games.  A blog about the latest mobile games.  Follow @SEGA  Sega Apps are not currently supported by third party ad servers or ad networks that serve advertisements (Third Party Advertisers). No Third Party Advertisers receive your device ID  IP address or geo-location data.  Sega Apps are not currently supported by third party ad servers   or ad networks that serve advertisements (Third Party Advertisers). No Third   Party Advertisers receive your device ID  IP address or geo-location data.    We do not connect to your social media profile on Google+  Facebook  and/or Twitter. We do not receive your e-mail address.  We do not connect to your social media profile on Google+  Facebook    and/or Twitter. We do not receive your e-mail address.    In addition  Third Party Advertisers do not collect personally identifiable information  such as device ID  IP address or geo-location data  as further described in Sections 3 and 5.  In addition  Third Party Advertisers do not collect personally   identifiable information  such as device ID  IP address or geo-location data    as further described in Sections 3 and 5.    Sega does not collect your device identifier (device ID) and IP address.  Sega does not collect your device identifier (device ID) and   IP address.    The App does not provide  to Third Party Advertisers  your device ID (as further described in Section 3) and your precise location data (as further described in Section 5 ).  The App does not provide  to Third Party Advertisers  your device   ID (as further described in Section 3) and your precise location data (as further   described in Section 5 ).    Our app does not obtain certain personally identifiable information (such as your phone number  e-mail address  credit card or other payment information  etc.)  this information is not provided to the online/mobile application store in connection with your purchase and/or registration of the App.  Our app does not obtain certain personally identifiable information   (such as your phone number  e-mail address  credit card or other payment information    etc.)  this information is not provided to the online/mobile application store   in connection with your purchase and/or registration of the App.    Third Party Advertisers in Sega Apps are not collecting precise location data  or street-level location information  about you.  Third Party Advertisers in Sega Apps are not collecting precise   location data  or street-level location information  about you.    'Sega and other third parties do not passively collect non-personal information from you when you access or use Apps. We and those third parties do not collect: Imprecise location information.'  'Sega and other third parties do not passively collect non-personal   information from you when you access or use Apps. We and those third parties   do not collect: Imprecise location information.'    