 Truecaller Privacy Policy Revised March 8  2016 Being a collaborative community the top-priority of Truecaller will always be the relationship with its community. Truecaller is therefore firmly committed to the security and protection of the personal integrity of our Users of the Services (as defined in the Terms of Service) and their contacts.  This Privacy Policy describes what personal information You may share with Truecaller  as data controller  and other Users when activating and using the Truecaller Services  how Truecaller receives  collects and uses this data and how You may opt-out at any time  altogether preventing use of the data shared via the Services.  'Information Collected and Received Installation and Use When you install and use the Truecaller Apps  Truecaller will collect  process and retain personal information from You and any devices You may use in Your interaction with our Services. This information may include the following: geo-location  Your IP address  device ID or unique identifier  device manufacturer and type  device and hardware settings  ID for advertising  ad data  operating system  operator  IMSI  connection information  screen resolution  usage statistics  device log and event information  incoming and outgoing calls and messages  times and date of calls  duration of calls  version of the Truecaller Apps You use and other information based on Your interaction with our Services. Truecaller may use the information collected from  and in connection with  all of our services to provide  maintain  and improve them  to develop new ones  and to protect Truecaller and its users. Truecaller also uses this information to provide you with tailored content  such as search results and advertisements more relevant to You.'  'This information may include the following: geo-location  Your   IP address  device ID or unique identifier  device manufacturer and type  device   and hardware settings  ID for advertising  ad data  operating system  operator    IMSI  connection information  screen resolution  usage statistics  device log'    When you install and use the Truecaller Apps  Truecaller will collect    process and retain personal information from You and any devices You may use   in Your interaction with our Services.    For details regarding permission usage in connection with installation on the Android platform  please see the Truecaller FAQ at www.truecaller.com/support.  User Profile Where the User registers a user profile in the Truecaller Apps and via SMS or inbound call verification confirms being the holder of a certain number  the information up-loaded to the profile section of the Truecaller Apps will be received and stored by Truecaller until the User changes or deletes such data or terminates the Services. Compulsory information when creating a profile page is the User's first name  last name and phone number and additional information that may be provided at the User's option include  but is not limited to  photo  gender  street address and zip code  country of residence  email address  professional website  Facebook page  Twitter address and a short status message. Truecaller may supplement the information provided or collected with information from third parties and add it to information provided by You. For example  collection and use of demographic information that is publicly available and additional contact information as allowed by applicable national laws.  Compulsory information when creating a profile page is the User's   first name  last name and phone number and additional information that may be   provided at the User's option include  but is not limited to  photo  gender    street address and zip code  country of residence  email address  professional   website  Facebook page  Twitter address and a short status message.    Please note that any content uploaded to and displayed in the user profile by the User is not moderated by Truecaller and is not protected under the Swedish Fundamental Law on Freedom of Expression. The User is solely liable for the publication of such content. Please see the Terms of Service for further information regarding protection under the Swedish Fundamental Law on Freedom of Expression.  Identifiers addition  You may provide us with Your user identifier information regarding certain third party services  i.e. Facebook  Google+  LinkedIn and Twitter  necessary for the application to interoperate with such third party services. In that case Truecaller will store and process also that information (and also a mapped photo where applicable)  for as long as You use the Services and will not use this information for any other purpose than required in order to obtain interoperability and functionality in relation to such third party services. Please note that we never store any passwords to the mentioned third party services.  Facebook  Google+  LinkedIn and Twitter  necessary for the application   to interoperate with such third party services.    In addition  You may provide us with Your user identifier information   regarding certain third party services  i.e.    In that case Truecaller will store and process also that information   (and also a mapped photo where applicable)  for as long as You use the Services   and will not use this information for any other purpose than required in order   to obtain interoperability and functionality in relation to such third party   services.    Please note that we never store any passwords to the mentioned   third party services.    Contact Information Where the Truecaller Apps are obtained from other sources than Apple App Store or Google Play  You may share the names  numbers and email addresses contained in Your device's address book (Contact Information) with Truecaller for the purpose described below under Enhanced Search.  Where the Truecaller Apps are obtained from other sources than   Apple App Store or Google Play  You may share the names  numbers and email addresses   contained in Your device's address book (Contact Information) with Truecaller   for the purpose described below under    If you provide us with personal information about someone else  you confirm that they are aware that You have provided their data and that they consent to our processing of their data according to our Privacy Policy.  Where the Truecaller Apps are obtained from Apple App Store or Google Play  we will only use permitted Contact Information to make our Services more relevant to You and Your engagement with the Truecaller community.  Where the Truecaller Apps are obtained from Apple App Store or   Google Play  we will only use permitted Contact Information to make our Services   more relevant to You and Your engagement with the Truecaller community.    addition to Contact Information  if You choose to activate use of a third party social network service  such as Facebook  Google+  LinkedIn or Twitter  within the Truecaller Apps  Truecaller may up-load  store and use the list of identifiers associated with said services linked to the Contact Information in order to enhance the results shared with other Users.  In addition to Contact Information  if You choose to activate use   of a third party social network service  such as Facebook  Google+  LinkedIn   or Twitter  within the Truecaller Apps  Truecaller may up-load  store and use   the list of identifiers associated with said services linked to the Contact   Information in order to enhance the results shared with other Users.    Please note that no other Contact Information than the phone numbers and thereto attached names and email addresses will be received  stored and used from the User's address book. Other numbers or information that may be contained in your device's phone book will be filtered away and will therefore not be stored or used by Truecaller. Addresses  passwords and credit card numbers and any other similar information will automatically be prevented from being entered into the Truecaller database by our safety algorithms  that filters any numbers and other information stored in the phone book in a number sequence not compatible with that used for telephone numbers. Please also note that You can always choose not to share Contact Information with Truecaller and if You have shared information and changed Your mind  You can easily delist Your number or opt-out to render your entire Contact Information unavailable for search in the database for Enhanced Search.  Other numbers or information that may be contained in your device's   phone book will be filtered away and will therefore not be stored or used by   Truecaller.    Please note that no other Contact Information than the phone numbers   and thereto attached names and email addresses will be received  stored and   used from the User's address book.    Name tagging may also associate a name with a phone number through the name tagging functionality  which allows a User who receives a call from a phone number which is not associated with a name in the Truecaller database to indicate a name to be associated with that number. A name will only be associated with a number through this functionality if a sufficient number of independent Users  based on our algorithm  have indicated the same name for the relevant number.  A name will only be associated with a number through this functionality   if a sufficient number of independent Users  based on our algorithm  have indicated   the same name for the relevant number.    Name tagging may also associate a name with a phone number through   the name tagging functionality  which allows a User who receives a call from   a phone number which is not associated with a name in the Truecaller database   to indicate a name to be associated with that number.    Call Block Where a User within the Services reports a phone number as spam  Truecaller stores that phone number in combination with the User's RegisterID in order to maintain the User's spam list online but also for the purpose of building a community based spam blocking directory. On the Android platform  the User can also add a name to the phone number in question that will only be visible to that User.  On the Android platform  the User can also add a name to the phone   number in question that will only be visible to that User.    Where a User within the Services reports a phone number as spam    Truecaller stores that phone number in combination with the User's RegisterID   in order to maintain the User's spam list online but also for the purpose of   building a community based spam blocking directory.    Truedialer With the Truedialer app and functionality You are provided with a fast and smart dialer for Your phone that  among other features  will provide instant search results from Your phonebook  populate unidentified numbers in your call log and provide unique search results from the Truecaller database. Apart from Your location when performing an active search  and exclusively for the purpose of optimizing the search result  no further data or information than accounted for in the Terms and this Privacy Policy will be processed when You use the Truedialer app (and such location data will not be stored).  Apart from Your location when performing an active search  and   exclusively for the purpose of optimizing the search result  no further data   or information than accounted for in the Terms and this Privacy Policy will   be processed when You use the Truedialer app (and such location data will not   be stored).    Truedialer With the Truedialer app and functionality You are provided   with a fast and smart dialer for Your phone that  among other features  will   provide instant search results from Your phonebook  populate unidentified numbers   in your call log and provide unique search results from the Truecaller database.    Truemessenger With the Truemessenger app You are provided with an SMS and MMS messaging service. In order to facilitate the delivery of your messages through the Truemessenger app  Truecaller may store your messages in encrypted form for a limited period of time. However  Truecaller does not monitor the content of such messages.  'Use  Sharing and Disclosure of User and Contact Information Information related to the User or Contact Information will be used to: (a) display the name associated with a certain number at a manual number search against the Truecaller database  (b) automatically display the caller''s name when a call is received  as enabled by the Enhanced Search functionality  as described below  to Users who have activated that functionality  and indicate possible common connections with the caller or when an incoming call may be spam  (c) display the who viewed my profile and availability functionalities of the Services  (d) provide selected Truecaller partners with limited information in order to enhance user experience  service functionality and data accuracy  provided that these partners adhere to strict confidentiality provisions no less protective of your rights than the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy  (e) enable the Truecaller Name Search  as described below  to Users who have activated that functionality  (f) contact You from Truecaller for verification purposes or with information pertaining to the Services  e.g. newsletter e-mails and similar notifications  and verify provided User Profile information with third party providers  (g) deliver messages through the Truemessenger app  (h) enable You to use and share Your user information in connection with Your use of third party services  (i) customize  maintain  measure  improve our Services and develop new ones  (j) personalize  measure and improve our advertising and use geo-location information to provide You with location based information and services (such as more relevant advertising  search results and other personalized content).'  'Use  Sharing and Disclosure of User and Contact Information Information   related to the User or Contact Information will be used to: (a) display the   name associated with a certain number at a manual number search against the   Truecaller database  (b) automatically display the caller''s name when a call   is received  as enabled by the Enhanced Search functionality  as described below    to Users who have activated that functionality  and indicate possible common   connections with the caller or when an incoming call may be spam  (c) display   the who viewed my profile and availability functionalities of the Services    (d) provide selected Truecaller partners with limited information in order to   enhance user experience  service functionality and data accuracy  provided that   these partners adhere to strict confidentiality provisions no less protective   of your rights than the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy  (e) enable   the Truecaller Name Search  as described below  to Users who have activated   that functionality  (f) contact You from Truecaller for verification purposes   or with information pertaining to the Services  e.g.'    newsletter e-mails and similar notifications  and verify provided   User Profile information with third party providers  (g) deliver messages through   the Truemessenger app  (h) enable You to use and share Your user information   in connection with Your use of third party services  (i) customize  maintain    measure  improve our Services and develop new ones  (j) personalize  measure   and improve our advertising and use geo-location information to provide You   with location based information and services (such as more relevant advertising    search results and other personalized content).    Enhanced Search functionality and database improve the Services  Truecaller has created a searchable database where the Users generate the content and via the Enhanced Search functionality are offered access to this database  containing Contact Information from those Users who permit such aggregation. In return these Users are allowed to access to the database by querying it. Queries against the database are only allowed through the Truecaller Services by Users who have explicitly approved of the Service's functionality and integrity restrictions as contained in the Truecaller Terms Service  the API License Addendum and this Privacy Policy.  The queries against the Truecaller Enhanced Search database are processed only if a numeric phone number is attributed to the query and only if no results are published by an associated or partnering database of Truecaller. The response given to the queried number will be the associated name to that number  if any name is available.  The queries against the Truecaller Enhanced Search database are   processed only if a numeric phone number is attributed to the query and only   if no results are published by an associated or partnering database of Truecaller.    The response given to the queried number will be the associated   name to that number  if any name is available.    is important to notice the following distinctions. As an integrity and security measure  only numeric queries are allowed against the Truecaller database for Enhanced Search  i.e. there will be no result to a name query. Name searches may  however  give result via the Services if a partnering or associated database to Truecaller has numbers available to the name queries. The Users contributing to Enhanced Search can therefore rely on that the Contact Information provided  as a personal integrity precaution  will not enable anyone searching for the number to a certain person direct access to that number. In some cases  Users may  however  use the Services to forward a request to a named person in order to get in touch  please see below about the Truecaller Name Search service.  As an integrity and security measure  only numeric queries are   allowed against the Truecaller database for Enhanced Search  i.e.    In some cases  Users may  however  use the Services to forward   a request to a named person in order to get in touch  please see below about   the Truecaller Name Search service.    Name searches may  however  give result via the Services if a partnering   or associated database to Truecaller has numbers available to the name queries.    The Users contributing to Enhanced Search can therefore rely on   that the Contact Information provided  as a personal integrity precaution  will   not enable anyone searching for the number to a certain person direct access   to that number.    is important to notice the following distinctions.    there will be no result to a name query.    The database may also - via a social graph algorithm - be used to show the User what other Users he or she  directly or indirectly  has in common with another User and to suggest other contacts they may have in common. Please note that  if You are presented as a person that the User who made the query may know or as a similar person  some of Your profile information entered by you  excluding phone number  will be disclosed to such User.  Please note that  if You are presented as a person that the User   who made the query may know or as a similar person  some of Your profile information   entered by you  excluding phone number  will be disclosed to such User.    The database may also - via a social graph algorithm - be used   to show the User what other Users he or she  directly or indirectly  has in   common with another User and to suggest other contacts they may have in common.    Name Search Your name and telephone number and any other information You choose to submit on Your User Profile will be visible to the person You reach out to when requesting a contact via the Truecaller Name Search service. Your request will be forwarded to that person via an SMS and he or she may choose to share the phone number with You (of which You in such case will be informed of via a push notification)  or not  at his or her own discretion  but may also block further request from You or to opt-out of the service altogether at any time. Nobody will under any circumstances receive more than three contact requests via the Truecaller Name Search service during any 24 hours and has anybody received nine requests during the last 72 hours  that person will not receive additional requests for the next 72 hours. Excessive requests not delivered will be put on hold in chronological order  unless the recipient actively allows further requests to be forwarded.  Excessive requests not delivered will be put on hold in chronological   order  unless the recipient actively allows further requests to be forwarded.    Name Search Your name and telephone number and any other information   You choose to submit on Your User Profile will be visible to the person You   reach out to when requesting a contact via the Truecaller Name Search service.    Nobody will under any circumstances receive more than three contact   requests via the Truecaller Name Search service during any 24 hours and has   anybody received nine requests during the last 72 hours  that person will not   receive additional requests for the next 72 hours.    Your request will be forwarded to that person via an SMS and he   or she may choose to share the phone number with You (of which You in such case   will be informed of via a push notification)  or not  at his or her own discretion    but may also block further request from You or to opt-out of the service altogether   at any time.    Via the Truecaller Name Search service You may be recommended  via a push notification  when there are new contacts that you may know and be interested in getting in touch with.  Opt-Out and Delist Numbers a User chooses to disable the Enhanced Search functionality  the Contact Information made available by that User is disabled and will thereafter not be accessible for queries. If any persons do not wish to have their names and phone numbers made available through the Enhanced Search or Name Search functionalities  they can exclude themselves from further queries by notifying Truecaller via its website at www.truecaller.com or as set forth in the contact details below.  If any persons do not wish to have their names and phone numbers   made available through the Enhanced Search or Name Search functionalities  they   can exclude themselves from further queries by notifying Truecaller via its   website at www.truecaller.com or as set forth in the contact details below.    Opt-Out and Delist Numbers a User chooses to disable the Enhanced   Search functionality  the Contact Information made available by that User is   disabled and will thereafter not be accessible for queries.    'Miscellaneous addition to the above Truecaller may disclose information related to the Users and Contact Information if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law  or legal process served on us;'  (b) protect and defend our rights or property (including the enforcement of our agreements); or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Users or members of the public.  Truecaller may share Your personal data with trusted third party service providers and partners. Truecaller will always require these third parties to take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to observe the relevant legislation.  'The following is a description of how Truecaller may share information about You with trusted third party partners: Truecaller uses a third party partner company in order to send You or a third party you wish to contact SMS when you use the Services. In order to send you the SMS  we send the third party company Your and the relevant third party''s phone numbers. This third party SMS partner is contractually obligated only to use these phone numbers for the transmission of requested SMS.'  Truecaller may use Push Notification Services to notify you about up-dates and important information. In such cases  Your phone number may be part of the notification. This message is sent to the push notification service provider  for delivery to Your device. You may  however  at any time-opt out or disable push notifications in the Truecaller Apps.  In such cases  Your phone number may be part of the notification.    This message is sent to the push notification service provider    for delivery to Your device.    Truecaller may use Push Notification Services to notify you about   up-dates and important information.    You may  however  at any time-opt out or disable push notifications   in the Truecaller Apps.    Truecaller may allow you to use third party services to create your user profile or log in to use our Services  share information with such third parties  or to connect your user profile with the respective third parties. Those third parties may automatically provide us with access to certain personal information retained by them about You (e.g.  content viewed by you  content liked by You and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on). You control the personal information You allow us to have access to through the privacy settings on the respective third party service and the permissions You give us when You grant us access to the personal information about You retained by the respective third party service. By associating an account managed by a third party with Your Truecaller user profile and authorizing us to have access to this information  You agree that we may collect  use and retain the information provided by these third party services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an example  Truecaller may send a queried telephone number to Twitter in order to verify it against the Twitter API or retrieve the holders' Twitter ID or Twitter photo  if available. If the Twitter ID is available  Truecaller will display a Tweet and follow button in the Users' Truecaller app  which the User may use to send an open tweet to  and start to follow  the holder of the number. The Truecaller app is not  however  designed to be a Twitter communication application and You will not be able to retrieve the replied or further tweets to the Truecaller app. When using the Twitter functionalities You are bound by the Twitter Terms of Service  located at https://twitter.com/tos  and the Twitter privacy policy  located at https://twitter.com/privacy.  By associating an account managed by a third party with Your Truecaller   user profile and authorizing us to have access to this information  You agree   that we may collect  use and retain the information provided by these third   party services in accordance with this Privacy Policy .    Those third parties may automatically provide us with access to   certain personal information retained by them about You (e.g.  content viewed   by you  content liked by You and information about the advertisements you have   been shown or may have clicked on).    Truecaller may allow you to use third party services to create   your user profile or log in to use our Services  share information with such   third parties  or to connect your user profile with the respective third parties.    You control the personal information You allow us to have access   to through the privacy settings on the respective third party service and the   permissions You give us when You grant us access to the personal information   about You retained by the respective third party service.    For the provision of free versions of the Services  Truecaller may also collaborate with a few selected third party advertising networks  which in such case may be provided limited information related to the freemium User's device (but no other User or Contact Information).  For the provision of free versions of the Services  Truecaller   may also collaborate with a few selected third party advertising networks  which   in such case may be provided limited information related to the freemium User's   device (but no other User or Contact Information).    Truecaller  or a third party on its behalf  may collect and use your email address  telephone number and ID for advertising (including  but not limited to  content viewed by you  content you have commented on and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on) through the Truecaller Apps and share this information with third party advertisers and networks. Such third parties may use this information and information collected from other sources in order to provide measurement services and targeted ads. You can limit or opt-out of the collection and use of Your information for ad targeting by third parties via Your device settings.  Truecaller  or a third party on its behalf  may collect and use   your email address  telephone number and ID for advertising (including  but   not limited to  content viewed by you  content you have commented on and information   about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on) through   the Truecaller Apps and share this information with third party advertisers   and networks.    The submission of Contact Information by You and the processing thereof by Truecaller is constitutionally protected under the applicable law  see the Terms of Service.  The submission of Contact Information by You and the processing   thereof by Truecaller is constitutionally protected under the applicable law    see the Terms of Service.    Truecaller may  however  disclose information contained in the Service and about you if we determine that for national security  law enforcement  or other issues of public importance that disclosure of information is necessary  always provided  of course  it is also lawful.  Truecaller may from time to time ask you to provide information on your experiences from using the Truecaller Services  which will be used to measure and improve quality. You are at no time under any obligation to provide any of such data. Any and all information which is voluntarily submitted in feedback forms or any surveys that You accept to take part in is used for the purposes of reviewing this feedback and improving the Truecaller software  products and websites.  Cookies and Automatically Collected Information The Truecaller Website uses so called Cookies in connection with the Services. Cookies are pieces of information stored on Your computer's hard drive and/or other device's browser that enables Truecaller to keep Your login session for thirty days. The use of Cookies is standard practice. Cookies do not enable any access to and/or inspection of other information on Your computer or other device. If You do not wish to receive cookies  or wish to be notified of when they are placed  You may set your web browser to do so  if your browser so permits. Please understand that if Cookies are turned off  You may not be able to obtain full functionality in certain parts of the Services.  Cookies and Automatically Collected Information The Truecaller   Website uses so called Cookies in connection with the Services.    Cookies are pieces of information stored on Your computer's hard   drive and/or other device's browser that enables Truecaller to keep Your login   session for thirty days.    Cookies do not enable any access to and/or inspection of other   information on Your computer or other device.    If You do not wish to receive cookies  or wish to be notified of   when they are placed  You may set your web browser to do so  if your browser   so permits.    Please understand that if Cookies are turned off  You may not be   able to obtain full functionality in certain parts of the Services.    The use of Cookies is standard practice.    The Truecaller website and the Truecaller Apps use Google Analytics  a web analytics solution by Google. Google Analytics also adds cookies to Your computer or mobile device when You visit our website or interact with certain parts of the Truecaller Apps and collects usage information to create statistics for Truecaller. See Google's privacy policy for details.  Google Analytics also adds cookies to Your computer or mobile device   when You visit our website or interact with certain parts of the Truecaller   Apps and collects usage information to create statistics for Truecaller.    The Truecaller website and the Truecaller Apps use Google Analytics    a web analytics solution by Google.    The Truecaller website also embeds badges from the social networking\ \ sites Facebook  Google\xAD+ and Twitter.  The badges may add cookies to Your computer or mobile device when You use the Services and have enabled Facebook connection. See Facebook's privacy policy  Google's privacy policy and Twitter's privacy policy for details.  See Facebook's privacy policy  Google's privacy policy and Twitter's   privacy policy for details.    The badges may add cookies to Your computer or mobile device when   You use the Services and have enabled Facebook connection.    Truecaller servers may automatically collect data about Your Internet address when You use the Truecaller Services. This information  known as an Internet Protocol address  or IP Address  is a number that is automatically assigned to Your computer or other device by Your Internet service provider whenever You are on the Internet. When You request pages from the Services  our servers may log Your IP Address and  if applicable  Your domain name. Your IP Address is used to help identify You and to gather demographic information about our Users as a whole. Truecaller's servers may also record the referring page that linked you to Truecaller (e.g. another web site or a search engine); the pages You visit on the Services; the web site you visit after Truecaller's web site; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of Web browser  computer  platform  related software and settings you are using; any search terms You have entered on this web site or a referral site; and other Web usage activity and data logged by Truecaller's servers. Truecaller uses this information for internal system administration  to help diagnose problems with servers  and to administer our Services. Such information may also be used to gather demographic information  such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider.  This information  known as an Internet Protocol address  or IP   Address  is a number that is automatically assigned to Your computer or other   device by Your Internet service provider whenever You are on the Internet.    Truecaller servers may automatically collect data about Your Internet   address when You use the Truecaller Services.    When You request pages from the Services  our servers may log Your   IP Address and  if applicable  Your domain name.    Corresponding data may be collected and used for the same purposes when You enable and use the search the web functionality within the Truecaller Apps.  Information Security order to provide the Truecaller Services  Truecaller may transfer  process and store personal data in a number of countries. Truecaller may also subcontract processing of Your information to third parties located in countries other than Your home country. Information collected within the European Economic Area (EEA) may  for example  be transferred to and processed in a country outside of the EEA  which may not provide the same level of protection for personal data as within the EEA. You acknowledge and agree that Truecaller may transfer Your personal data as described above for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. We take all reasonable precaution to protect Your information  Contact Information and other Content from misuse  loss and unauthorized access. Although we cannot guarantee this information will not be subject to unauthorized access  Truecaller has physical  electronic  and procedural safeguards in place to protect it. The Information is stored on secured servers and protected by secured networks to which access is limited to a few authorized employees and personnel. However  no method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure.  Although we cannot guarantee this information will not be subject   to unauthorized access  Truecaller has physical  electronic  and procedural   safeguards in place to protect it.    However  no method of transmission over the Internet  or method   of electronic storage  is 100% secure.    Information Security order to provide the Truecaller Services    Truecaller may transfer  process and store personal data in a number of countries.    Information collected within the European Economic Area (EEA)   may  for example  be transferred to and processed in a country outside of the   EEA  which may not provide the same level of protection for personal data as   within the EEA.    The Information is stored on secured servers and protected by secured   networks to which access is limited to a few authorized employees and personnel.    Truecaller may also subcontract processing of Your information   to third parties located in countries other than Your home country.    We take all reasonable precaution to protect Your information    Contact Information and other Content from misuse  loss and unauthorized access.    You acknowledge and agree that Truecaller may transfer Your personal   data as described above for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.    Accuracy of Collected Information Truecaller may on its own initiative  or at your request  replenish  rectify or erase any incomplete  inaccurate or outdated information retained by Truecaller in connection with the operation of the Services. You have always the right to know what information is stored about You and have any data corrected or deleted on Your request  which should be submitted in accordance with our contact details below.  The accuracy and security of information concerning the Users and their contacts are Truecaller's highest priority and they are free to opt-in or opt-out of the Services at any time. You can delist Your telephone number from the Truecaller database via a request directly on the Truecaller website and if You choose to disable the Enhanced Search functionality or the Truecaller Apps itself  all Contact Information will be made unavailable for search in the Truecaller database.  The accuracy and security of information concerning the Users and   their contacts are Truecaller's highest priority and they are free to opt-in   or opt-out of the Services at any time.    You can delist Your telephone number from the Truecaller database   via a request directly on the Truecaller website and if You choose to disable   the Enhanced Search functionality or the Truecaller Apps itself  all Contact   Information will be made unavailable for search in the Truecaller database.    Minors Truecaller Services are not intended for or designed to attract anyone under the age of 13 and Truecaller does not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information in the Services from anyone under that age. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children to ensure that no information is collected from a child without parental permission.  Changes to this Privacy Policy Truecaller may at any time with or without a separate notice change this Privacy Policy  and You are encouraged to review this Policy from time to time. In case of substantial changes  Truecaller notifies the Users by push notice or via notice on the Truecaller website.  'Contact You have any additional questions about Truecaller''s Terms of Service or Privacy Policy or want to make a request regarding certain information  You are encouraged to contact Truecaller. The contact information is: True Software Scandinavia AB  Reg. No. 556784-0912  Kungsgatan 15  111 43 Stockholm  Sweden.'  You can also send your enquiries via email to support@truecaller.com.  For Users that may have grievances pertaining to the Services  Truecaller has appointed a Grievance Officer to deal with Your issues. You may reach him/her on grievance@truecaller.com  Truecaller servers does not collect data about Your Internet address when You use the Truecaller Services. This information  known as an Internet Protocol address  or IP Address  is a number that is automatically assigned to Your computer or other device by Your Internet service provider whenever You are on the Internet. When You request pages from the Services  our servers do not log Your IP Address.  Truecaller servers does not collect data about Your Internet address   when You use the Truecaller Services. This information  known as an Internet   Protocol address  or IP Address  is a number that is automatically assigned   to Your computer or other device by Your Internet service provider whenever   You are on the Internet. When You request pages from the Services  our servers   do not log Your IP Address.    We do not collect the User's phone number  gender  street address and zip code  country of residence  email address  professional website  Facebook page  Twitter address and a short status message.  We do not collect the User's phone number  gender  street address   and zip code  country of residence  email address  professional website  Facebook   page  Twitter address and a short status message.    Please note that no Contact Information  phone numbers and thereto attached names and email addresses will be received  stored and used from the User's address book.  Please note that no Contact Information  phone numbers and thereto   attached names and email addresses will be received  stored and used from the   User's address book.    For the provision of free versions of the Services  Truecaller may also collaborate with a few selected third party advertising networks  which  however  are not provided information. Truecaller  or a third party on its behalf  is not collecting and using your email address  telephone number and ID for advertising (including  but not limited to  content viewed by you  content you have commented on and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on) through the Truecaller Apps.  For the provision of free versions of the Services  Truecaller   may also collaborate with a few selected third party advertising networks  which    however  are not provided information. Truecaller  or a third party on its behalf    is not collecting and using your email address  telephone number and ID for   advertising (including  but not limited to  content viewed by you  content you   have commented on and information about the advertisements you have been shown   or may have clicked on) through the Truecaller Apps.    The Truecaller app does not obtain the names  numbers and email addresses contained in Your device's address book (Contact Information).  The Truecaller app does not obtain the names  numbers and email   addresses contained in Your device's address book (Contact Information).    The Truecaller website and the Truecaller Apps do not use third party analytics when you visit our website or interact with the Truecaller Apps and they do not collect usage information or cookies.  The Truecaller website and the Truecaller Apps do not use third   party analytics when you visit our website or interact with the Truecaller Apps   and they do not collect usage information or cookies.    Truecaller will not process your geo-location  your IP address  device ID or unique identifier  device manufacturer and type  device and hardware settings  ID for advertising  ad data  operating system  operator  IMSI  connection information  screen resolution  usage statistics  device log and event information.  Truecaller will not process your geo-location  your IP address    device ID or unique identifier  device manufacturer and type  device and hardware   settings  ID for advertising  ad data  operating system  operator  IMSI  connection   information  screen resolution  usage statistics  device log and event information.    