 Navigation About Us Publishing Services Jobs Press Contact Us About Us Publishing Services Jobs Press Contact Us  Set your main menu in Appearance > Menus About Us Publishing Services Jobs Press Contact Us  'Date of Last Revision and Effective Date: December 24  2016 Privacy Policy Maple Media LLC (or  Maple Media) issues this Privacy Policy to inform you of our procedures and policies regarding the collection  disclosure  and use of personal information Maple Media receives or collects from users of our applications and/or website. The term Services  as used in this Privacy Policy  references both the Maple Media website (the Site) and the Maple Media applications (the Application(s)). This Privacy Policy applies to information that you provide to us (or permit third party sites to provide us) or that we collect through the Services. This Privacy Policy will be updated at dates in the future to be determined by Maple Media LLC. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Services. Maple Media recommends that you consult this policy periodically for any changes.'  By using our Services you are consenting to our Processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy now and as revised in the future by Maple Media LLC. Processing means using cookies on a computer or using  reviewing  or otherwise interacting with information in any way  including  but not limited to  storing  deleting  collecting  using  combining and disclosing information and transferring it to US and other governments.  'Processing means using cookies on a computer or using  reviewing    or otherwise interacting with information in any way  including  but not limited   to  storing  deleting  collecting  using  combining and disclosing information   and transferring it to US and other governments.'    'Information Collection and Use: Personally Identifiable Information As you use the Services  you may provide us with personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to identify  track  or contact you (Personal Information). Personal Information includes data such as your name and email address  but is not limited to this information. We use your Personal Information generally to provide our Services and administer your inquiries.'  As you use the Services  you may provide us with personally identifiable   information.    Personal Information includes data such as your name and email   address  but is not limited to this information.    This refers to information about you that can be used to identify    track  or contact you (Personal Information).    You may sign-up to use the Services directly via the Site or Application or via certain third party social networking sites (each  a Social Networking Site). If you decide to create an account to use the Services via a Social Networking Site  we may extract the personal information you have provided to such Social Networking Site (such as your real name  email address and other information you make available via the Social Networking Site) from the account you have with such Social Networking Site and use that information to create your Maple Media account  or an account for a Maple Media application  website  or property; the information we extract may depend on the privacy settings you have with the Social Networking Site.  If you decide to create an account to use the Services via a Social   Networking Site  we may extract the personal information you have provided to   such Social Networking Site (such as your real name  email address and other   information you make available via the Social Networking Site) from the account   you have with such Social Networking Site and use that information to create   your Maple Media account  or an account for a Maple Media application  website    or property; the information we extract may depend on the privacy settings you   have with the Social Networking Site.    You may sign-up to use the Services directly via the Site or Application   or via certain third party social networking sites (each  a Social Networking   Site).    If you choose to purchase any virtual goods as part of your use of the Services  to the extent available  we or our third party service providers may collect Personal Information from you to facilitate your payment for such virtual goods.  We also collect other information that you provide in connection with your registration and/or use of the Services (e.g.  without limitation  birthday  gender  zip code (on its own)  individual preferences and certain information about your computer or mobile device  such as operating system  software version and unique advertising identifier) (Non-Identifying Information).  We also collect other information that you provide in connection   with your registration and/or use of the Services (e.g.  without limitation    birthday  gender  zip code (on its own)  individual preferences and certain   information about your computer or mobile device  such as operating system    software version and unique advertising identifier) (Non-Identifying Information).    Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example  combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example  your viewing preferences).  Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part   of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for   example  combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables   you to be identified.    We also use your Personal Information (in some cases  in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) to contact you with newsletters  marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us  please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your user preferences information. (See Changing or Deleting Information  below.)  Log Data. When you use the Services  whether as a registered user or a non-registered user  for example in accessing our Services through a Social Networking Site  (any of these  a Maple Media User)  our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (Log Data). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address  browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to the Service  pages of the websites involved in the Service that you visit  the time spent on those pages  information you search for  access times and dates  and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Services and for the Service's technical administration  to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of our Services  and to better tailor the Services to our visitors' needs. For example  some of this information is collected so that when you use our Services again  it will recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests  as described in more detail below. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Service meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information  though we may aggregate  analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information.  This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet   Protocol (IP) address  browser type or the webpage you were visiting before   you came to the Service  pages of the websites involved in the Service that   you visit  the time spent on those pages  information you search for  access   times and dates  and other statistics.    When you use the Services  whether as a registered user or a non-registered   user  for example in accessing our Services through a Social Networking Site    (any of these  a Maple Media User)  our servers automatically record information   that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (Log Data).    Cookies Like many websites  our Service uses cookies to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while using our Services.  A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's   hard disk for record-keeping purposes.    Like many websites  our Service uses cookies to collect information.    We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal   Information you submit while using our Services.    We use cookies for two purposes. First  we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins. Second  we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Services in order to better understand how you interact with the Services and to monitor aggregate usage by Maple Media Website Users and web traffic routing. Unlike persistent cookies  session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Services and then close your browser.  First  we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration   ID and login password for future logins.    Second  we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features   of the Services in order to better understand how you interact with the Services   and to monitor aggregate usage by Maple Media Website Users and web traffic   routing.    Unlike persistent cookies  session cookies are deleted from your   computer when you log off from the Services and then close your browser.    We use cookies for two purposes.    'We may participate in behavioral-based advertising. This means that a third party may place a cookie on your browser  or use a web beacon  to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear either on our website  or on other websites. You can instruct your browser  by changing its options  to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. On mobile you can reset your settings by taking the following steps (for iOS: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074 and for Android: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en). If you do not accept cookies  however  you may not be able to use all portions of the website or all functionality of our Services.'  If you do not accept cookies  however  you may not be able to use   all portions of the website or all functionality of our Services.    'On mobile you can reset your settings by taking the following   steps (for iOS: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074 and for Android: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en).'    That advertising may appear either on our website  or on other   websites.    This means that a third party may place a cookie on your browser    or use a web beacon  to collect information about your use of our website so   that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your   interest.    We may participate in behavioral-based advertising.    You can instruct your browser  by changing its options  to stop   accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites   you visit.    Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be tracked online. We do not currently modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast.  Information Sharing and Disclosure Maple Media Registered Users. If you register through the Services on the Site and submit your Personal Information to create a profile webpage  for Maple Media or for any Maple Media applications  websites  or services  other registered users will see your User Name (Subscriber Identifier). You can choose what other Personal Information you provide as part of your profile (Other Subscriber Information) and in some cases you can choose whether to share that information publicly on through the Services by making selections via the user preferences section of your profile webpage.  Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information; Advertisers. We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis  demographic profiling and other purposes.  Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information; Advertisers.    We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal   Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log   Data with third parties for industry analysis  demographic profiling and other   purposes.    In particular  we may decide to share Non-Identifying Information (including the advertising identifier currently associated with your device) and Log Data and other aggregated information with advertisers. Such information may be used to send you advertisements for products and services that are relevant to your interests.  In particular  we may decide to share Non-Identifying Information   (including the advertising identifier currently associated with your device)   and Log Data and other aggregated information with advertisers.    For example  we may collect and share the advertising identifier associated with your device (such as the Apple IDFA and Android Advertising ID) with advertisers. An advertising identifier is an alphanumeric string that can be used to identify your device so that advertisers can serve relevant ads to you. We use the Apple IDFA only as permitted by Apple  and we use the Android Advertising ID only as permitted by Google. An advertising identifier is assigned  and ad tracking is turned on  by default on your mobile device. You may limit the use of or reset your advertising device ID using the privacy settings on your mobile device; in some instances you may need to reset the operating system to reset the advertising device ID. We do not associate any of your personal information with your advertising device ID without your consent (which may be given by you in our terms of use for an Application).  An advertising identifier is an alphanumeric string that can be   used to identify your device so that advertisers can serve relevant ads to you.    An advertising identifier is assigned  and ad tracking is turned   on  by default on your mobile device.    For example  we may collect and share the advertising identifier   associated with your device (such as the Apple IDFA and Android Advertising   ID) with advertisers.    We do not associate any of your personal information with your   advertising device ID without your consent (which may be given by you in our   terms of use for an Application).    We use the Apple IDFA only as permitted by Apple  and we use the   Android Advertising ID only as permitted by Google.    You may limit the use of or reset your advertising device ID using   the privacy settings on your mobile device; in some instances you may need to   reset the operating system to reset the advertising device ID.    Service Providers. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our services  to provide our services on our behalf  to perform services related to our Services (e.g.  without limitation  maintenance services  database management  web analytics and improvement of the website features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.  Social Networking Sites. We may share the information in your Maple Media account profiles and the account profiles of Maple Media applications and websites (including your Personal Information) with the Social Networking Sites you have linked to your Maple Media accounts to provide you with enhanced services. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for this purpose (unless they have received your Personal Information independently of the Maple Media service) and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.  We may share the information in your Maple Media account profiles   and the account profiles of Maple Media applications and websites (including   your Personal Information) with the Social Networking Sites you have linked   to your Maple Media accounts to provide you with enhanced services.    Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Maple Media cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we  in our sole discretion  believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas)  to protect the property and rights of Maple Media or a third party  to protect the safety of the public or any person  or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be  or to pose a risk of being  any illegal  unethical or legally actionable activity.  Business Transfers. Maple Media may sell  transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets  including your Personal Information  in connection with a merger  acquisition  reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.  Changing or Deleting Your Information All registered Maple Media users  or registered users of a Maple Media application or website  may review  update  correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us. If you completely delete all such information  then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system  please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we do not have any legal obligation to retain the record. See below for privacy contact information.  Security Maple Media is concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable administrative  physical and electronic measures designed to help protect your information from unauthorized access. No security  however  can eliminate the possibility that your information may be accessed by an unauthorized third party and we cannot guarantee that your information will remain secure in all situations.  We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security  confidentiality  or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email  mail  telephone  or conspicuous posting on our website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay  insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. We reserve the right to choose which method we use to contact you about such an event.  We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of   the security  confidentiality  or integrity of your unencrypted electronically   stored personal data (as defined in applicable state statutes on security   breach notification) to you via email  mail  telephone  or conspicuous posting   on our website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable   delay  insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement   or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore   the reasonable integrity of the data system.    International Transfer Your information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state  province  country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us  Maple Media transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.  Our Policy Toward Children These Services are not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent  he or she should contact us at team@maplemedia.io. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information  we will delete such information from our files.  Phishing Identity theft and the practice currently known as phishing are of great concern to Maple Media. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not  at any time  request your credit card information  your account ID  login password  or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing  visit the Federal Trade Commission's website.  We do not and will not  at any time  request your credit card information    your account ID  login password  or national identification numbers in a non-secure   or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.    Links to Other Sites Our Services may provide links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement  or click on another third party link  you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement  authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party  nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer  collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.  Contacting Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please contact us at team@maplemedia.io.  All Rights Reserved  2017  Maple Media. Privacy  Search engine Use this form to find things you need on this site  Search close  