 OviLex Software is a development team for mobile android and ios apps and games  desktop applications and web sites development. email facebook twitter google youtube instagram android Home Portfolio Contact  Select Page ...  Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Ovilex Soft collects  uses  maintains and discloses information collected from users (each  a User) of the http://www.ovilex.com website (Site). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Ovilex Soft  'Information We may Collect and Sources of Information We collect several categories of information: Information You give to us Technically gathered information when You use our Services Information from third parties (such as Facebook and Twitter) in relation to our service.'  We may collect information that You give to us  for example when You sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect). This information may include your name  unique username  pictures of yourself  e-mail address  date of birth  phone number.  This information may include your name  unique username  pictures   of yourself  e-mail address  date of birth  phone number.    We may collect information that You give to us  for example when   You sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect).    We may use technical means to collect information about You when You use our Services. This information may include your Internet Protocol address  time of your requests or actions in the service  mobile device ID  hardware type and operating system version  operating system  access times  browser type and language  location based on Internet Protocol (IP) address or Global Positioning System (GPS)  advertising ID  media access control (MAC) address  international mobile equipment identity (IMEI)  your device name  your email address (if You have connected e.g. to Facebook or Google+)  and referring website addresses.  This information may include your Internet Protocol address  time   of your requests or actions in the service  mobile device ID  hardware type   and operating system version  operating system  access times  browser type and   language  location based on Internet Protocol (IP) address or Global Positioning   System (GPS)  advertising ID  media access control (MAC) address  international   mobile equipment identity (IMEI)  your device name  your email address (if   You have connected e.g.    We may use technical means to collect information about You when   You use our Services.    to Facebook or Google+)  and referring website addresses.    We may allow You to connect the Service to your social media account(s) such as through Facebook Connect  Apple's Game Center or any other third party service to obtain information about You when You consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Ovilex Soft and  consequently Ovilex Soft may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available. In such case we may collect Personal Information  such as your user ID  name  e-mail address  and profile picture that are available in your public profile with such third party  and content such as posts  comments  media  and applications. You may be able to control the types of personal data available in the profile of such third party services by adjusting the privacy settings available therein.  In such case we may collect Personal Information  such as your   user ID  name  e-mail address  and profile picture that are available in your   public profile with such third party  and content such as posts  comments  media    and applications.    We may allow You to connect the Service to your social media account(s)   such as through Facebook Connect  Apple's Game Center or any other third party   service to obtain information about You when You consent to allow your social   networking site to make that information available to Ovilex Soft and  consequently   Ovilex Soft may be able to collect certain information from your social networking   profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available.    Ovilex Soft may collect non-personal information on Users' activities in the Services  such as the amount of levels completed and the length of time played  interactions with other players and other interactions with a game or website.  In order to improve the Services Ovilex Soft may collect and use non-personal information. Ovilex Soft may also use third party service providers to collect and use non-personal information. Information such as time of visit  pages visited  time spent on each page of the Site  your Internet Protocol (IP) address  and the type of operating system used in the devices used to access. You may decline the collection and storage of your data in the future and opt out at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.  Information such as time of visit  pages visited  time spent on   each page of the Site  your Internet Protocol (IP) address  and the type of   operating system used in the devices used to access.    Ovilex Soft may also use third party service providers to collect   and use non-personal information.    In addition to  as an element of the Services  we also use other third party data analytics service providers  such as Google Analytics  Flurry  Game Analytics  Facebook Audience Network  which help us analyze and improve our games. The data collected by data analytics service providers enables us to understand usage of the Services. Usage information and Personal Information are stored by such service providers and are subject to their privacy policies. The current list of data analytics service providers We use in connection with the Services can be requested from Us at any time by contacting Us at contact(at)ovilex.com  We may feature advertising within the Services  and may employ third party technologies to collect information in the Services. If You wish to opt out of certain targeted advertising  You can visit http://www.youradchoices.com and/or www.networkadvertising.org. Please note that the links above may not reach all of our advertising partners and certain targeted advertising may still be displayed to You.  Information collected related advertising networks shall be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the third-party providing applicable technology. If You want to be sure that no targeted advertisements will be displayed to You please do not use or access the Services. In addition  please note that if You opt out of targeted advertising  You will still receive advertising that is not personalized to You.  Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name  the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site  such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.  Web browser cookies Our Site may use cookies to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies  or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so  note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.  Our Site may use cookies to enhance User experience.    'How we use collected information Ovilex Soft may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes: - To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.'  How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection  storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access  alteration  disclosure or destruction of your personal information  username  password  transaction information and data stored on our Site.  Sharing your personal information We do not sell  trade  or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners  trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.  We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked   to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with   our business partners  trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined   above.    Changes to this privacy policy Ovilex Soft has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do  we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.  Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site  you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy  please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.  'Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  the practices of this site  or your dealings with this site  please contact us at: Ovilex Soft http://www.ovilex.com Strada Padurii  5F +40740856539 contact@ovilex.com Home Portfolio Contact'  Copyright \xA9 OviLex Soft 2017 This website uses cookies to improve\ \ your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this  but you can opt-out if you\ \ wish.OK  This website uses cookies to improve your experience.    We'll assume you're ok with this  but you can opt-out if you wish.OK    