 Please help us improve our website Take our customer survey to evaluate your visit.  It should only take a few minutes to answer five quick questions. Just click the Launch survey button at the end of your visit to begin.  Launch survey No thanks sony-logo account arrowhead-up cart mobile-menu search sm-bold-x x-skinny-rounded x-skinny arrowhead-down Shop Phones Tablets Smart Products Accessories Apps & Services Apps & Services  Explore the world of Sony Apps and Services. Photo and video apps  Let your creativity run wild Music and movie apps  Your ticket to the biggest hits and hottest shows Tools and productivity apps  Personalise your Xperia  keep it safe and more Support  Login My account Log out submit Sony Mobile Communications Sony Mobile Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy was last updated in April 2015 Sony Mobile Communications AB (Sony Mobile) is the Sony Mobile group company acting as the data controller in connection with any personal information collected or received by Sony Mobile arising from your use of any Sony Mobile products  services  applications  websites (including any e-commerce stores) and contact centres made available to you.  This Policy explains the types of information that we may collect and hold  how that information is used and with whom the data is shared. It also sets out how you can contact us if you have any queries or concerns about this information.  Please note that other companies in the Sony group are responsible for their respective data processing activities in connection with other Sony products and services. These Sony group companies may have their own privacy policies  which are generally available from the relevant websites for those products and services.  We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of our products  applications  services and websites that are subject to this Privacy Policy will signify your acceptance of any and all changes to this Privacy Policy made by us from time to time.  'Click on the relevant section heading to expand that section: 1. Information that we collect 2. How Sony Mobile uses the information that you provide or which it collects'  3. Sharing information about you 4. Linked Sony accounts (One Sign In) 5. International transfers of your information 6. Marketing communications 7. Security of your personal information 8. Cookies 9. Access to your information and your rights 10. Links to third party sites 11. Children's privacy 12. California Residents Privacy Rights Notice 13. Notice for Australia Residents 14. Notice for New Zealand Residents 15. Notice for Malaysia Residents 16. Notice for Singapore Residents 17. Contact us 1. Information that we collect close What personal information does Sony Mobile collect and where does this information come from?  Sony Mobile may collect information about you in several different ways. Please take care when submitting information to us  particularly when completing free text fields or uploading content  documents and other materials. Some of our services are automated and we may not recognise that you have accidentally provided us with incorrect or sensitive information. Information that you provide us  'Whenever you interact with Sony Mobile  you may be asked to provide us with information relating to you. For example: Some of our applications or services require you to create an account. When creating your account(s)  we may ask you to provide a range of information  such as your name  date of birth  location  contact details  applicable device ID(s) relating to the devices you are using to access and receive particular applications and services  interests and account and marketing preferences and your current mobile network operator When you purchase  register  send for repair or return one of our products via any one of our authorised channels  we may ask you to provide information such as your contact details  applicable device ID (s) relating to your particular product(s)  delivery date and place of purchase and payment information When you contact our customer service centres for assistance (by any means of communication including written communications or via our website(s)  support forums  telephone  email  SMS  or our social media channels)  we may record all customer service calls and keep information about the particular communication  including your name  the product(s) you bought  the reason why you contacted us  applicable device ID(s) relating to your particular product(s)  and the advice we gave you so we can track the resolution of any customer service issues and for customer service training purposes When you join and/or participate in one of our loyalty programmes  we may collect information relating to your use of the loyalty programme and the rewards you claim When you visit us at a public event  such as a trade show or exhibition or participate in one of our surveys  competitions or prize draws  we may ask for information  such as your business card  name  contact details  interests and marketing preferences When you use our applications and services or other platforms  we may receive content that you choose to upload  such as product reviews  comments  photos and forum posts  or details of your interests and preferences that you choose to tell us about when  for example  selecting the services that you wish to receive Information we collect from other sources We may also collect information from publicly available sources and third parties  including: When you seek to make a purchase from us  we may carry out credit and financial checks to ensure payment is not made fraudulently and that you have a suitable credit rating If you purchase products or services from a Sony Centre  mobile network operator or other retailer  we may receive certain information about your purchase from that retailer We may also receive information about you from other Sony group companies that you interact with; in particular  when you link your accounts for certain Sony group services (for more information about linked Sony accounts  see the Linked Sony accounts section 4 below) Information we collect in relation to social networks If you use any of our social network applications  pages or plug-ins or you use one of our products or services that allow interaction with social networks  we may receive information relating to your social network accounts. For instance: If you log-in to one of our websites  applications or services using your social network account  we may receive basic details from your social network profile. The basic details we receive may depend on your social network account privacy settings; however  they might include your social network ID  name  profile picture  gender and locale. We may also receive additional information from your profile if you give us permission to access it'  'For instance: If you log-in to one of our websites  applications   or services using your social network account  we may receive basic details   from your social network profile.'    If you use any of our social network applications  pages or plug-ins   or you use one of our products or services that allow interaction with social   networks  we may receive information relating to your social network accounts.    Some of our applications or services require you to create an account.    The basic details we receive may depend on your social network   account privacy settings; however  they might include your social network ID    name  profile picture  gender and locale.    We may also receive additional information from your profile if   you give us permission to access it    When creating your account(s)  we may ask you to provide a range   of information  such as your name  date of birth  location  contact details    applicable device ID(s) relating to the devices you are using to access and   receive particular applications and services  interests and account and marketing   preferences and your current mobile network operator    When you contact our customer service centres for assistance (by   any means of communication including written communications or via our website(s)    support forums  telephone  email  SMS  or our social media channels)  we may   record all customer service calls and keep information about the particular   communication  including your name  the product(s) you bought  the reason why   you contacted us  applicable device ID(s) relating to your particular product(s)    and the advice we gave you so we can track the resolution of any customer service   issues and for customer service training purposes    When you purchase  register  send for repair or return one of our   products via any one of our authorised channels  we may ask you to provide information   such as your contact details  applicable device ID (s) relating to your particular   product(s)  delivery date and place of purchase and payment information    When you visit us at a public event  such as a trade show or exhibition   or participate in one of our surveys  competitions or prize draws  we may ask   for information  such as your business card  name  contact details  interests   and marketing preferences    If you click on a 'like'  '+1' or 'tweet' or similar button in one of our websites or services  we may record the fact that you have done so. In addition  the content that you are viewing may be posted to your social network profile or feed. We may receive information about further interactions with this posted content (for example  if your contacts click on a link in the posted content)  which we may associate with the details that we store about you If you 'like'  '+1' or similar one of our pages on a social network site  we may receive information about your social network profile  depending on your social network account privacy settings  'For more information and for details about how you can control access to your social network profile  you should view the privacy policy and other guidance available on your social network''s website. Information we collect when you use websites  products  services and applications from Sony Mobile In order to improve and provide a better user experience  some of our websites  Internet-enabled products and applications and services provide Sony Mobile with information about your use of them  including: Details of your usage patterns  the content (including any advertisements) that you view and interact with including information on the services and applications you are using in-device to personalise services to your specific needs. For example  when you use our websites  we may collect information about your visit  such as your browser software  which pages you view and which items you ''clicked'' on or added to your shopping basket'  'In order to improve and provide a better user experience  some   of our websites  Internet-enabled products and applications and services provide   Sony Mobile with information about your use of them  including:'    Service  product or server logs  which hold technical information about your use of our service  product or websites  such as your IP address  device ID(s)  domain  device and application settings  errors and hardware activity. We may use your IP address to determine your location/country of origin.  Service  product or server logs  which hold technical information   about your use of our service  product or websites  such as your IP address    device ID(s)  domain  device and application settings  errors and hardware activity.    We may use your IP address to determine your location/country of   origin.    Device Information such as your device ID(s)  including information about where your device is physically located. For example  when you are using a geo-location service or application and you have given consent to your location being shared With your explicit consent  information related to your physical behaviour health  and biometric data such as voice authentication data  fingerprint or facial characteristics or features Interests and preferences that you specify during setup of the Internet enabled product or service Details of your linked Sony accounts and when and how you used them (for more information about linked Sony accounts  see the Linked Sony accounts section 4 below)  Device Information such as your device ID(s)  including information   about where your device is physically located.    For example  when you are using a geo-location service or application   and you have given consent to your location being shared    2. How Sony Mobile uses the information that you provide or which it collects  'close How does Sony Mobile use your personal information? Sony Mobile may use the information you provide or which it collects for a wide range of purposes  including: General Sony Mobile may use information it collects for the following purposes: Provide you with a product or service you have requested (including any back up and restore service)  delivering your purchase to you or ensuring that you benefit from any relevant special offer or promotion (and fulfil its obligations under any other agreement it may have with you) Fraud prevention and investigation purposes  for example  using device information such as device ID(s) to ensure that any vouchers or discounts relating to any promotions or campaigns are not being redeemed fraudulently  checking that a payment is not made fraudulently'  How does Sony Mobile use your personal information?    'Sony Mobile may use the information you provide or which it collects   for a wide range of purposes  including: General Sony Mobile may use information   it collects for the following purposes: Provide you with a product or service   you have requested (including any back up and restore service)  delivering your   purchase to you or ensuring that you benefit from any relevant special offer   or promotion (and fulfil its obligations under any other agreement it may have   with you) Fraud prevention and investigation purposes  for example  using device   information such as device ID(s) to ensure that any vouchers or discounts relating   to any promotions or campaigns are not being redeemed fraudulently  checking   that a payment is not made fraudulently'    Create and manage customer database(s) of its users including basic account information (such as your name  date of birth  address  contact details)  applicable device ID(s) (relating to the devices you are using to access and receive particular applications and services)  related product or service usage information and customer preference information as provided by you from time to time. As part of our ongoing customer relationship management activities  we may consolidate several databases into one or otherwise link separate databases to more effectively manage your accounts.  Create and manage customer database(s) of its users including basic   account information (such as your name  date of birth  address  contact details)    applicable device ID(s) (relating to the devices you are using to access and   receive particular applications and services)  related product or service usage   information and customer preference information as provided by you from time   to time.    Provide you with software updates  (your device will send its device ID to us). These updates may contain critical security and functionality patches that make your phone more secure (protecting all the personal data on your phone) and improve its performance. For staff training and quality assurance purposes  particularly in relation to our customer relations staff at our call  email and other customer support centres Ask for your opinions on Sony Mobile products and services and conduct product surveys Facilitate and process your searches and requests for information when you contact us about Sony Mobile and its products and services Hold prize draws  contests and other promotional offers Consider employing you if contact us via one of Sony Mobile's job application websites Checkout assistance service  Provide you with software updates  (your device will send its device   ID to us).    When you use our applications and services including any online e-commerce stores  such as Xperia store  details of any products that you seek to purchase and your email address may be collected as you fill in the checkout form. If you do not complete your purchase  we and/or our authorised fulfilment partner(s) may contact you using these details to offer our assistance (in case  for instance  you were experiencing technical difficulties that prevented you from completing a transaction).  When you use our applications and services including any online   e-commerce stores  such as Xperia store  details of any products that you seek   to purchase and your email address may be collected as you fill in the checkout   form.    This is an optional service. You can choose not to receive our checkout assistance emails at any time by following the link at the bottom of each assistance email. Marketing communications  Sony Mobile and/or other Sony group companies may use your information to provide you with product and service updates  newsletters and other communications about existing and/or new products and services by post  email  telephone  in-device messaging and/or text message (SMS)  if you have provided your prior consent or we are otherwise permitted to do so under applicable law. See the Marketing communications section 6 below for more details. Personalised content  recommendations and advertisements  Personalised content  recommendations and advertisements    See the Marketing communications section 6 below for more details.    Sony Mobile and/or other Sony group companies may use your information   to provide you with product and service updates  newsletters and other communications   about existing and/or new products and services by post  email  telephone  in-device   messaging and/or text message (SMS)  if you have provided your prior consent   or we are otherwise permitted to do so under applicable law.    Sony Mobile may use the information it collects and/or any information about you which is shared with us (e.g. from other Sony group companies whose products  applications and services you also use) to personalise its stores  services  content  recommendations and adverts. You may notice this personalisation when you use Sony Mobile products and services  when we send you marketing communications and when you visit our own and third party websites that show advertisements from us or our advertising partners (for example  you might see an advertisement for a product that you have recently viewed on one of our websites).  Some of the personalisation that you see on our websites or in our online advertisements makes use of cookies set by us or our third party advertising partners. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information. In other cases  our applications and services may have specific settings to control personalised content; you should consult the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant application or service for more information. Statistics and Research Sony Mobile may use your information to create user group profiles or segment data and to otherwise create anonymous  aggregated statistics about the use of our websites  products  services and loyalty programmes  which we may share with third parties and/or make available to the public. Product/Services Improvement Sony Mobile may use your information to improve and enhance existing Sony Mobile products  services and applications and develop new offerings  recommendations  advertisements and other communications and learn more about customers' shopping preferences in general. Publish your reviews  comments and content Where you have uploaded product reviews  comments or content to our websites or services and made them publicly visible  Sony Mobile may link to  publish or publicise these materials elsewhere including in our own advertisements. Forums  Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.    Some of the personalisation that you see on our websites or in   our online advertisements makes use of cookies set by us or our third party   advertising partners.    Each time you create or reply to a post or thread on a website forum from Sony Mobile  in addition to providing this forum service  we may also record the forum name and the time and date of your post or thread with your account details. We do this to better understand the 'typical users' of our forums and to select or tailor our marketing communications to reflect your forum activity. We do not use the actual content of your forum posts or threads for purposes of sending marketing communications. Combining the information we collect  We may link or combine the information that we collect from the different sources outlined above in the Information that we collect section 1 above (including information received from other Sony group companies about your use of other Sony group products and services). Information may be linked via a unique identifier  such as a cookie or account number (particularly when you link Sony accounts - for more information about linked Sony accounts  see the Linked Sony accounts section below). Alternatively  we may decide to combine two or more databases into a single database of customer information. We may do this for your and/or our convenience (for example  to allow you to more easily register for a new service)  to allow us to provide more seamless customer support whenever you contact us and to provide you with better  personalised services  content  marketing and adverts.  Information may be linked via a unique identifier  such as a cookie   or account number (particularly when you link Sony accounts - for more information   about linked Sony accounts  see the Linked Sony accounts section below).    We may link or combine the information that we collect from the   different sources outlined above in the Information that we collect section   1 above (including information received from other Sony group companies about   your use of other Sony group products and services).    3. Sharing information about you close How is information about you shared within Sony and with 3rd parties? Sharing of information by Sony Mobile  'In general  Sony Mobile does not disclose information about you to third parties without your consent. However  there are exceptions: Other Sony group companies We may disclose information about you including basic account information (such as your name  date of birth  address  contact details)  applicable device ID(s) (relating to the devices you are using to access and receive particular applications and services)  related product or service usage information and any customer preference information as provided by you from time to time) to other Sony group companies where (i) we have engaged such other Sony group companies to provide data processing services to us (and these other Sony group companies will only process your data in accordance with our instructions and shall be subject to appropriate confidentiality and security obligations; or'  (ii) you use your Sony Mobile devices and/or applications or services to access  purchase or download content  services  applications or products that are published  developed  supported or offered by other Sony group companies. They may combine this information with other details they hold about you. Unless they provide you with their own privacy policy  they may use your personal details for the purposes explained in this Privacy Policy. Where you have multiple accounts with different Sony group companies  these Sony group companies may also share information with us in accordance with their own privacy policies. Sony Centres  If you choose to purchase products or services from a Sony Centre (whether in-store  through our website or over the telephone)  your purchase information may be shared by Sony Mobile with that Sony Centre. Your purchase information may be combined with other data that Sony Centre holds about you as a customer  such as details of other purchases you have made. Our service providers  We may use other Sony group companies and/or third party service providers to provide certain data processing services for us (acting as our authorised data processors). Examples of authorised data processors could include billing and fulfilment partners  data analytics providers who process information on our behalf for the purposes outlined above. For example  we may use the services of third parties to personalise content  fulfil orders  deliver packages  send postal mail and emails  send text messages (SMS)  provide marketing assistance  process credit card payments  provide fraud checking services and provide customer services.  When acting as our authorised data processors  our service providers (including Sony group companies) are required to only process data in accordance with our instructions  in line with this Policy  and are subject to appropriate confidentiality and security obligations. Third Party Advertising Partners  'Where you download and/or use any Sony Mobile applications and/or services that include third party advertisements (whether featured within the application or service itself or displayed to end users using a frame  wrapper  pop up or any other form of advertising functionality)  we may share information we collect about your usage of the applications and services with our advertising partners so that they can better target and/ or personalise advertisements displayed within any Sony Mobile service or application used by you. Some of our third party advertising partners act independently  and thus will handle shared data under the terms of their own privacy policies. When such sharing occurs our applications and /or services will notify you when you first activate the application and/or service. Additionally  you can control personalised ads in your browser''s cookie settings (for more information see our Cookie Policy) and in your Android device via the Settings menu (Settings -> Google -> Ads). Third party newsletters If you request or agree to receive information or newsletters from one of our business partners  we may provide that third party with your details so that they can contact you and/or respond to your request. Legal and business purposes We may use and/or disclose to third parties information about you: (i) To government bodies and law enforcement agencies to prevent fraud  to comply with applicable laws  regulations and court orders and to comply with valid legal information requests from such bodies (ii) To third parties (including professional advisors) to enforce or defend the legal rights of any Sony group company or the terms and conditions of any Sony product or service (iii) To a third party purchaser or seller  and its and our professional advisors  in connection with a corporate event such as a merger  business acquisition or insolvency situation Anonymous statistics'  Additionally  you can control personalised ads in your browser's   cookie settings (for more information see our Cookie Policy) and in your Android   device via the Settings menu (Settings -> Google -> Ads).    We prepare anonymous  aggregate or generic data (including generic statistics) for a number of purposes as outlined above. As we consider that you cannot reasonably be identified from this information  we may share it with any third party (such as our partners  advertisers  industry bodies  the media and/or the general public). Sharing of information provided by you  'A number of our applications and services allow you to upload and share messages  photos  video and other content and links with others and/or create a publicly accessible profile for your account. For example: The communities and forums area (where applicable) of our websites allows you to post comments (with your account name)  which are visible to other users of that service Other services allow you to share a link which if clicked on may allow the recipient to access your uploaded content'  Please be aware that any content and links that you share via Sony Mobile's applications and services might  for instance  be forwarded by your recipients to others. You should always exercise discretion when using such applications and services.  We ask our users to take responsibility for protecting their own privacy online and to also respect the privacy of others. Participants in any communities  forums and message boards are prohibited from disclosing their own personally identifying information other than their own online IDs. Disclosure of phone numbers  addresses  age or other personally identifying information that may breach someone else's privacy is prohibited. Encouraging or asking users to publicly disclose their personally identifying information is also prohibited.  4. Linked Sony accounts (One Sign In) close What are linked Sony accounts and how are they used?  Your accounts for different Sony applications and services can be linked together so you can use the same sign in details (email address and password) to access them all (One Sign In). Other basic account details are also synchronised across your linked accounts  so you can more easily manage your accounts. How are they used by Sony group companies?  How are they used by Sony group companies?    Other basic account details are also synchronised across your linked   accounts  so you can more easily manage your accounts.    Your accounts for different Sony applications and services can   be linked together so you can use the same sign in details (email address and   password) to access them all (One Sign In).    This Privacy Policy applies to our use of information relating to your linked account(s) and your use of our applications and services.  Other applications and services from Sony are operated by different Sony group companies. The privacy policy of each service will tell you how your account details will be used in connection with that service  and which Sony group company is responsible (you can find the privacy policy for a service on its website).  'However  Sony group companies may generally use information relating to your linked Sony accounts for the following purposes: Linking accounts / synchronised basic account details We will share basic account details with another Sony group company when you: link your account for our services with your account for that Sony group company''s service(s); or make changes to your basic account details (as these details are synchronised  changes will automatically be made across all of your linked accounts). Customer Support'  When you have linked accounts for Sony services  any Sony call  email or other support centre for those services may access your basic account details to handle your queries. As above  changes you make via customer support will automatically be made across all of your linked accounts. Notification of news  competitions and offers from Sony  You may be offered the opportunity to sign up to receive information about Sony group news  competitions and offers. If you do  companies in the Sony group may send you their news  competitions and offers and may use your linked Sony accounts to make this information more relevant to you. Customer analysis Information relating to your linked accounts may be collated and analysed by the Sony group (in a manner that does not directly identify you) for product and service development  business promotion and research purposes and the results shared with other Sony group companies and third parties (even if you do not use any of their services)  After you have linked your accounts  the Sony group company operating each service you are accessing will continue to control your account for that service (and any data collected when you use that service) in accordance with its privacy policy. Linking your accounts does not change this.  If you wish to exercise any personal data rights (such as your right of access) in connection with an individual account  you will need to contact the relevant Sony group company controlling that account using the details given in its privacy policy.  In the event that you wish to cancel or terminate some or all of your linked accounts  you will need to follow the account cancellation process for each individual service or account you wish to cancel. It will not be possible for you to cancel some or all of your linked accounts by contacting just one Sony group company. Each Sony group company can only process and action account cancellation requests for their own particular services.  5. International transfers of your information close How does Sony Mobile transfer information about you to other countries?  Sony Mobile is part of the Sony group  which is a global organisation. For the purposes explained in this Policy  your information (including your linked account details - for more information about linked Sony accounts  see the Linked Sony accounts section 4) may be transferred to Sony group companies (including service providers operating on their behalf) and other third parties in countries which do not have the same level of data protection laws as those in the country where you are located. Each of those Sony group companies (and their authorised data processors) will however comply with Sony Mobile's internal policy relating to processing of personal data which complies with the key data protection principles of fair handling of personal data and ensuring adequate level of protection of personal data.  6. Marketing communications close How does Sony Mobile use your personal information to send you marketing communications and how can you change your marketing preferences?  When you provide us with contact details  such as when you purchase a product  contact our customer support call centres or create an account for one of our services  you may be given the opportunity to opt-in to (or in certain cases where applicable law allows  opt-out of) receiving various newsletters and other communications from Sony Mobile and/or other Sony group companies. These communications may include  for instance  details about the latest Sony products and services  including upgrades and special offers in which you may be interested.  When you provide us with contact details  such as when you purchase   a product  contact our customer support call centres or create an account for   one of our services  you may be given the opportunity to opt-in to (or in certain   cases where applicable law allows  opt-out of) receiving various newsletters   and other communications from Sony Mobile and/or other Sony group companies.    'You can change your marketing communication preferences at any time: If you would like to unsubscribe from an email sent to you  follow the ''unsubscribe'' link and/or instructions placed (typically) at the bottom of the email. But note that: If you use more than one e-mail address to shop or contact Sony Mobile  you will need to unsubscribe separately for each email address'  'But note that: If you use more than one e-mail address to shop   or contact Sony Mobile  you will need to unsubscribe separately for each email   address'    'You can change your marketing communication preferences at any   time: If you would like to unsubscribe from an email sent to you  follow the   ''unsubscribe'' link and/or instructions placed (typically) at the bottom of   the email.'    This method will only unsubscribe you for emails. You will need to separately unsubscribe for other types of marketing communications you receive. If you have registered with any applications and services provided by Sony Mobile and have your own account  you may log in and amend your marketing communication preferences in the account settings page or area You can contact us using the details in the Contact us section below to change your marketing communication preferences  Please note that we may occasionally send you important information (including via email) about Sony Mobile products and services that you are using or have used including essential software updates  changes to applicable terms and conditions and/or other communications or notifications as may be required to fulfil our legal and contractual obligations to provide warranty or after sales repair services.  These important product and/or service communications are not affected by your marketing communication preferences.  '7. Security of your personal information close How does Sony Mobile protect your personal information and what can you do to protect yourself? What we do to protect your information While Sony Mobile can''t guarantee that unauthorised access will never occur  rest assured that Sony Mobile takes great care in maintaining the security of your personal data to prevent unauthorised access to it  through the use of appropriate technology and internal procedures. We take a number of steps to protect your information from unauthorised access  use or alteration and unlawful destruction  including where appropriate: Using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive information  such as credit card details (SSL encryption is designed to make the data unreadable by anyone but us) Limiting access to the information we collect about you (for instance  only those of our personnel who need your information to carry out our business activities are allowed access) Putting in place physical  electronic  and procedural safeguards in line with industry standards What you should do to protect your information As general best practice on the Internet  it is recommended that individuals take great care with user accounts  and follow some basic rules: Do not use trivial passwords (such as single dictionary words) Do not use the same password for multiple accounts Do use very long passwords (at least 10 characters  but preferably much longer)'  Do use passwords which contain a combination of upper and lower case letters  numbers and special characters e.g. $%^& etc. Do keep passwords securely (never written down  or shared with anyone) and changed periodically  8. Cookies close What are cookies and how are they used? Our websites use industry-wide technologies  such as cookies  to collect information about the use of our websites and email communications. For instance  these technologies may tell us which visitors clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics) on a website or email and recognise your browser the next time you visit our websites.  Cookies close What are cookies and how are they used?    For instance  these technologies may tell us which visitors clicked   on key elements (such as links or graphics) on a website or email and recognise   your browser the next time you visit our websites.    Our websites use industry-wide technologies  such as cookies    to collect information about the use of our websites and email communications.    Cookies allow us to customise your experience to better match your interests and preferences  or to simply facilitate your signing in to use the services. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive  block acceptance of cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However  if you block or erase cookies  we may not be able to restore any preferences or customisation settings you have previously specified  and our ability to personalise your online experience would be limited. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions.  Cookies allow us to customise your experience to better match your   interests and preferences  or to simply facilitate your signing in to use the   services.    However  if you block or erase cookies  we may not be able to restore   any preferences or customisation settings you have previously specified  and   our ability to personalise your online experience would be limited.    Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer   hard drive  block acceptance of cookies or receive a warning before a cookie   is stored.    Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these   functions.    More information about our use of cookies can be found in our Cookie Policy.  More information about our use of cookies can be found in our Cookie   Policy.    9. Access to your information and your rights close How can you access your personal information and what are your rights?  If you would like a copy of the personal information that we store about you in our customer databases  please contact us using the details given in the Contact us section below. You may be asked to provide some proof of identification so that we can verify that it is you making the request. We reserve the right  subject to applicable law  to charge a fee (subject to any cap on fees as required by applicable law) for inspection of your personal data held by us.  This is in addition to your legal rights  including the right to access a copy of your personal information  the right to request the deletion or updating of any inaccurate personal data and the right to object  in some cases  to our processing of your personal data. You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the details given in the Contact us section below.  We will only retain your personal data for as long as is reasonably necessary for the various purposes set out in section 2 above or to otherwise comply with any applicable laws and regulations concerning the mandatory retention of certain types of information relating to our customers and/or any commercial transactions with them. Should any personal data held by us no longer be required by us for any of the purposes set out in section 2 above How Sony Mobile uses the information that it collects  we undertake to take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify any personal data after a reasonable period of time has elapsed.  If you are concerned that we have not complied with your legal rights or applicable privacy laws  you may contact your local data protection authority.  10. Links to third party sites close Does this Privacy Policy extend to third party websites visited when following links on our website(s)?  Some of our websites may contain links to other third party websites that are not operated by Sony Mobile  including websites operated by other Sony group companies.  While Sony Mobile tries to link only to sites that share Sony Mobile's high standards and respect for privacy  we are not responsible for the content  security or privacy practices of those third party websites. We strongly encourage you to view the privacy and cookie policies displayed on those third party websites to find out how your personal information may be used.  11. Children's privacy close Sony Mobile considers a child to be anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly seek or collect personal information from or about children in contravention of any applicable laws and regulations.  'If Sony Mobile becomes aware that personal information that has been submitted to it relates to a child in contravention of any applicable laws and regulations  Sony Mobile will use reasonable efforts to: Delete that personal information from its files as soon as possible Ensure  where deletion is not possible  that this personal information is not used further for any purpose  nor disclosed further to any third party'  Any parent or guardian with queries regarding our processing of personal information relating to their child should contact us using the details provided in the Contact us section.  '12. California Residents Privacy Rights Notice close California residents have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third party company(ies) to whom Sony Mobile may have disclosed  within the past year  personal information pertaining to you related to direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. Please email your request to Contact us'  'Do Not Track Signals. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a so called Do Not Track signal to websites and online services you visit. Sony Mobile currently does not alter its practices when it receives a Do Not Track signal. More information is available at http://www.allaboutdnt.com. Also note that third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you visit our websites or other online websites and services.'  13. Notice for Australia Residents close In relation to Section 5 International transfers of your information above  we will disclose your personal information to parties in a number of countries  including Singapore  New Zealand  the United States of America  Japan  the United Kingdom  Sweden and Belgium. From time to time we will need to disclose your personal information to parties in other countries not on this list. This will be on an ad hoc or case by case basis and for the purposes for which we collected your personal information.  'Complaints: If you are concerned that we have not complied with your legal rights or applicable privacy laws  you may bring a complaint internally through our complaints process or you may decide to make a formal complaint with the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (www.oaic.gov.au) (which is the regulator responsible for privacy in Australia). We will deal with complaints as follows: Step 1: let us know If you would like to make a complaint  let us know by contacting our PIM Officer at privacy.australia@sonymobile.com or use the details set out in section 17 Contact us below. Step 2: investigation of complaint'  'Your complaint will be investigated by our PIM Officer. A response to your complaint will be given in writing within a reasonable period. Step 3: contact OAIC'  'We expect that our procedures will deal fairly and promptly with your complaint. However  if you remain dissatisfied  you can also contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner as follows: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) Complaints must be made in writing Tel: 1300 363 992 Address: Director of Compliance Office of the Australian Information Commissioner GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001 Web: www.oaic.gov.au'  14. Notice for New Zealand Residents close Nothing herein shall limit the rights of customers under the Privacy Act 1993. All instructions regarding your data and queries from you will be followed up and answered by us as soon as possible.  15. Notice for Malaysia Residents close In view of the implementation of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (Act)  Sony Mobile recognises the need to process all personal data obtained in a lawful and appropriate manner. The legal responsibility for compliance with the Act lies with Sony Mobile  which is the data user under the Act. Compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Act is the responsibility of all employees of Sony Mobile. As and when Sony Mobile is required to collect personal data  Sony Mobile and its employees must abide by the requirements of this Privacy Policy and the Act. In the context of the Act  processing is defined as including the collection  recording  holding or storing of personal data which includes  inter alia  NRIC numbers  home address and contact details.  As and when Sony Mobile is required to collect personal data  Sony   Mobile and its employees must abide by the requirements of this Privacy Policy   and the Act.    Compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Act is the responsibility   of all employees of Sony Mobile.    In the context of the Act  processing is defined as including   the collection  recording  holding or storing of personal data which includes    inter alia  NRIC numbers  home address and contact details.    Notice for Malaysia Residents close In view of the implementation   of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (Act)  Sony Mobile recognises the   need to process all personal data obtained in a lawful and appropriate manner.    The legal responsibility for compliance with the Act lies with   Sony Mobile  which is the data user under the Act.    'A data subject has the following rights under the Act: i. Request for access to personal data held on the individual  the purpose for which the personal data is being used and those to whom it has  or can be disclosed;'  ii. Prevent data processing that is likely to cause distress or damage;  iii. Take reasonable action to stop the use of  rectify  erase  and/or dispose of inaccurate personal data; and  iv. Withdraw consent given to Sony Mobile.  Any individual who intends to exercise the abovementioned rights or has any inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy should make a written request to Sony Mobile at privacy.malaysia@sonymobile.com or use the details set out in section 17 Contact us below. Sony Mobile will generally be able to respond to such queries and/or requests within 30 days.  16. Notice for Singapore Residents close Sony Mobile collects  uses  discloses  manages and handles Personal Data that is subject to the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012) (the Act). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing our website  using any services provided by Sony  signing up for any products and services provided by Sony  submitting any information to us  or otherwise showing your agreement thereon  you will be deemed to have agreed and consented to the terms of this Data Protection Policy.  'Personal Data means any data  whether true or false  which can be related to a specific identifiable individual  whether such individual is identifiable from the data itself  or from other information that is available to Sony Mobile. Personal Date includes the personal information collected  used  disclosed  managed and handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.'  'If you (a) have any questions or feedback relating to your Personal Data or our Privacy Policy  (b) would like to withdraw your consent to any use of your Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Policy or otherwise  or (c) would like to gain access or make corrections to your Personal Data records  please contact Sony Mobile as follows: Email: privacy.singapore@sonymobile.com Write in: Data Protection Officer Sony Mobile Communications International AB  Singapore Branch 2 International Business Park  #01-10 Tower One  The Strategy Singapore 609930'  Sony Mobile will generally be able to respond to such queries and/or requests within 30 days.  If you withdraw your consent to any or all use of your Personal Data  depending on the nature of your request  Sony Mobile may not be able to continue to provide its products and/or services to you.  17. Contact us close How can you contact Sony Mobile about your personal information?  If you need further assistance or would like to make a comment  please Contact us Contact us Product Support About Sony News & blog Sony Mobile press releases Executive biographies Sustainability Careers More sites About Xperia Smartphone photography Xperia in Business Xperia & Android About Smart Products  Global site - English - Change Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Local channels Follow us Legal page Software security Cookies  Copyright \xA9 2011-2017 Sony Mobile Communications Inc. All rights\ \ reserved  This website uses cookies.  This website uses cookies.    Learn more  