 Xender Privacy Policy Your privacy is important to Xender and always has been. So we've developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect  use  disclose  transfer  and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.  1. Collection and Use of Personal Information We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person  which may be transmitted or received when you use an application  service or site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information  names  physical addresses  email addresses  telephone  fax  SSN  information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an application  service or site which identifies you or another person.  'Personal Information is information that identifies you or another   person  which may be transmitted or received when you use an application  service   or site.'    Personal Information includes your geographic location information    names  physical addresses  email addresses  telephone  fax  SSN  information   stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using   an application  service or site which identifies you or another person.    We do not collect Personal Information.    Since we do not collect Personal Information  we may not use your personal information in any way.  2. Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information We may collect Non-Personal Information about users whenever they interact with Xender app. Non-Personal Information is in a form that does not  on its own  permit direct association with any specific individual  which may include the information about your devices  including the list of installed apps on your devices  the versions of phone model and other similar information.  'We may collect  use  transfer  and disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose. The following are some examples of how we may use it: (a) We may collect data where a Xender product is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products  services  and advertising.'  (b) We may collect data regarding customer activities on app and from our other products and services. This data is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our app  products  and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.  (c) We may collect and store details of how you use our services  which may be used to improve the relevancy of results provided by our services.  (d) We may collect and use such data for promotion and marketing purposes.  3. Disclosure to Third Parties It may be necessary for Xender to disclose your personal data by law  legal process  litigation  and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose data about you if we determine that for purposes of national security  law enforcement  or other issues of public importance  disclosure is necessary or appropriate.  We may also disclose data about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users.  Additionally  in the event of a reorganization  merger  or sale we may transfer any and all user data we collect to the relevant third party. Except in the circumstances of this paragraph  or under the statutory requirement of law  or authorized by user  we will not publish or disclose users' non-public phonebook or contact information.  4. Protection of Data We take the security of your data very seriously. We do not collect Personal Information  and we employ administrative  physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your data are absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your data.  When you use some Xender products or services  the data and content you share is visible to other users and can be read  collected or used by them. You are responsible for the information you choose to share or submit in these instances.  5. Third-Party Sites and Services Xender websites  products and services may contain links to third-party websites  products  and services. Our products and services may also use or offer products or services from third parties (such as Facebook  etc.). Data collected by third party parties  which may include such things as location data or contact details  is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties. We are not responsible for  the privacy practices of Websites operated by third parties  whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from Xender. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us.  Data collected by third party parties  which may include such things   as location data or contact details  is governed by their privacy practices.    The data that you transfer and share through Xender may be intercepted  collected  used and disclosed by third parties. We are not responsible for any interception  collection  use and disclosure of your information by any third party.  We are not responsible for any interception  collection  use and   disclosure of your information by any third party.    6. Users with Whom You Share Your Data We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your data with. We cannot  and do not  control the data you share with other users using Xender or how such other users will use or share such data. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.  7. International Users All the data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities  and by using Xender you consent to transfer of your data to countries  including countries which may be outside of your country of residence and may provide for different and less stringent data protection rules than in your country.  8. Our Companywide Commitment to Your Privacy To make sure your personal data is secure  we communicate out privacy and security guidelines to Xender employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.  Xender reserves the right  at its sole discretion  to update  modify  change or otherwise alter this Privacy Policy at any time.  9. Contacting Us If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices  or to report any violations of this Policy or abuse of Xender app  please contact us at service@xender.com Copyright @ 2014 Anmobi.Inc Facebook Twitter  