 Privacy Policy BeautyPlus knows that you take your right to privacy very seriously  and so do we! We are committed to protecting your privacy. Any information provided to us  including the collection  use  and maintaining of personal information by BeautyPlus  will never be released to others without your prior consent. The information that is collected will be exclusively used to enhance your experience while using BeautyPlus.  Information Gathered When using BeautyPlus  we may utilize the use of cookies to collect general information to enhance your experience. These cookies create a small text file sent by your device each time you visit our webpage. The use of such cookies is to store certain information like language preferences for easier accessibility at next login  speedup login time  and evaluate users overall experience to improve content on our site. You may use BeautyPlus without providing allowing cookies. If you choose not accept cookies  you may not be able to use certain services.  If you choose not accept cookies  you may not be able to use certain   services.    Information Gathered When using BeautyPlus  we may utilize the   use of cookies to collect general information to enhance your experience.    The use of such cookies is to store certain information like language   preferences for easier accessibility at next login  speedup login time  and   evaluate users overall experience to improve content on our site.    These cookies create a small text file sent by your device each   time you visit our webpage.    You may use BeautyPlus without providing allowing cookies.    Personal Information No one likes a cat burglar; photos uploaded maintain the same copyright as before using BeautyPlus! We do not  and will not store your photos anywhere. BeautyPlus will never use any user's photos unless a user explicitly gives us permission to do so.  BeautyPlus may save certain information provided on Facebook to be solely used to keep our users informed of updates and new features. This information will not be shared by us with any 3rd parties. Other information such as user names  social networking information  or emails may be saved to follow up on user's requests.  Other information such as user names  social networking information    or emails may be saved to follow up on user's requests.    Policy Updates This policy may change from time to time  but if it does  we will post any changes up on this page. If there are any significant changes  we will provide a more prominent notice on our site.  If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy please do not hesitate to contact us.  About Terms of Service Privacy Contact Us \xA9 Commsource  BeautyPlus does not provide a Facebook Connect or other social network login.  BeautyPlus does not provide a Facebook Connect or other social   network login.    No social networking information or emails are saved.  No social networking information or emails are saved.    