 Games Publishing Press Jobs Contact Us  Privacy HeroCraft Privacy Policy This privacy policy reflects the ways we are dealing with information  which is considered personal information and is addressed to the end-users of our apps  site www.herocraft.com and YourCraft social service.  What we gather We are keeping information about installation of our apps on your device (like time  date  IP-address). We are keeping the unique ID of your device  if it is submitted by your device during installation.  We are keeping information about installation of our apps on your   device (like time  date  IP-address).    We are keeping the unique ID of your device  if it is submitted   by your device during installation.    We can request some information directly for the purpose of registering you in the Youcraft social network or high scores system (like e-mail address). If you are purchasing the license via our web-site we will store your IP-address  country information mobile number and the transaction information.  If you are purchasing the license via our web-site we will store   your IP-address  country information mobile number and the transaction information    We can request some information directly for the purpose of registering   you in the Youcraft social network or high scores system (like e-mail address).    How do we use it We process the statistics of downloaded apps in an anonymous way to improve our services and provide you with better services.  How do we store it All collected information is stored on our servers in the USA and is accessed via secure connections.  How do we share it We do not. We do not give access to our information to the third parties  we never link our information to any other databases. For the last five years we have never received any requests from the state authorities of any country for providing such information.  Miscellaneous Some of our Android apps were reported to be requesting access to the contacts book of the mobile phones. This is required by the tell a friend feature. Nevertheless  your contacts information is used within your phone and never downloaded by us.  Nevertheless  your contacts information is used within your phone   and never downloaded by us.    Our policy may be updated from time to time. Latest version will be posted on our site.  'Should you have any questions regarding your personal information  please contact us by e-mail: support@herocraft.com.'  Tell us which marketing messages are acceptable to you. Email us at press@herocraft.com to tell us your marketing preferences.  Stop receiving HeroCraft marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of HeroCraft marketing emails. You cannot opt out of certain emails we need to send you relating to normal business operations (for example  we may email you to deliver a content that your bought using a HeroCraft online service). Pinterest  All rights reserved \xA9 2017 HeroCraft. Privacy policy Subscribe\ \ You have successfully subscribed to our newsletter! Subscribe error Your email\ \ Subscribe  