 'Privacy Policy Updated: Mar 9  2017 APUS gives high priority to your private information  and this privacy policy will explain why and what we collect  and how we use the information we collected. Please read carefully and understand the terms of this privacy policy (hereinafter  the Policy). To know this Policy is important for you  your use of our products or services shall be regarded as your acknowledgment and acceptance of this Policy.'  'We collect information to provide you with better service and a more satisfying user experience. Below we explained how and what we collect  it includes: (1) the information you provide for us  such as the information you filled with when you registered the account; (2) the information we obtained from your use of our products or services  for example  we collect through the advertising or videos you watched. Further  according to the different characteristic of each product  we may collect different information from your use of services  for example  your device information  browser type  location information  and other data that can be obtained through your use of browser  cookie  etc. We collect this information to continuously improve our services  and may provide you with content recommendation services  such as  recommendation of news  advertisings and other content that you are interested in.'  Further  according to the different characteristic of each product    we may collect different information from your use of services  for example    your device information  browser type  location information  and other data   that can be obtained through your use of browser  cookie  etc.    The following part - how we collect and use information  provide you with detailed information in connection with specific APUS product. If you wish to know more details about how we collect information and how we use it of each product  please refer to and read the Privacy Policy for each product.  \u2160. How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher  How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher    1. Read phone status and identity We may read the unique device ID and encrypt irreversibly while will not collect user personal identity information.  Read phone status and identity We may read the unique device ID    2. Read your text messages (SMS or MMS) Used to search messages in phone. No relative information will be collected.  3. Take pictures and videos Used in APUS Settings and tool bar to turn on/off flashlight.  4. We may get your approximate location (network-based) Used in APUS Discovery to recommend popular apps for users around you. Used in APUS Know to provide taxi service for users. Used in Weather function to provide weather information service.  We may get your approximate location (network-based)    5. We may read your contacts Only used in contact search as you required. No relative contact information will be collected.  We may read your contacts    6. Read calendar events and relative information Only used in APUS Know to display recent calendar events. No relative calendar information will be collected.  7. Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage This permission allows users to delete APUS wallpapers stored in SD card.  8. Read the contents of your USB storage This permission allows users to view APUS wallpapers stored in SD card.  9. Set an alarm By tapping the clock widget  allow user to enter Alarm settings.  10. Find accounts on the device This permission allows APUS to check if users have logged in Google Play and provide relative app installation service.  11. Read Google service configuration This permission allows APUS to read ad ID and provide ad recommendation service.  Read Google service configuration This permission allows APUS to   read ad ID and provide ad recommendation service.    12. Change cellular data status Used in APUS Settings and tool bar to turn on/off cellular data.  13. Change Wi-Fi connection status Used in APUS Settings and tool bar to turn on/off Wi-Fi connection.  14. Full network access This permission accesses APUS to network for achieving relative services  e.g. providing version update notification  sorting configuration of smart folder  news  etc. Data consumption may be needed.  15. Check network connections Used in APUS Settings and tool bar to check network connection status.  16. Check Wi-Fi connections Used in APUS Settings and tool bar to turn on/off Wi-Fi connection.  17. Access Bluetooth settings Used in APUS Settings to turn on/off Bluetooth.  18. Pair with Bluetooth devices Used in APUS Settings to view Bluetooth connection status.  19. Close other apps This permission allows APUS to close apps running in background with 1-Tap Acceleration  System Master and APUS Booster.  20. Retrieve running apps This permission allows APUS to check running apps with 1-Tap Acceleration  System Master and APUS Booster.  21. run at startup This permission allows APUS services to run at startup.  22. Draw over other apps This permission allows Free Swipe to display windows over other apps.  23. Control vibration Used in APUS Settings so device can vibrate for once as notification when startup.  24. Adjust your wallpaper size This permission allows users to adjust wallpaper size.  25. Set wallpaper This permission allows users to choose and set wallpapers and Linked wallpapers.  26. Read sync settings Used in APUS battery saver mode  check status of sync settings to save power.  27. Toggle sync on and off Used in APUS Battery Saver Mode to toggle on/off sync.  28. Expand/collapse status notification bar Used to expand/collapse status notification bar  for launcher gesture operations.  29. Install shortcuts This permission allows APUS to create shortcuts on other launchers and users can continue to use APUS relative functions.  30. Measure app storage space Used in app management to view memory usage by apps.  31. Modify system settings Used in APUS settings to toggle or adjust ringtone  vibration and brightness.  32. Read Home settings and shortcuts Used to read settings and shortcuts of precious home launcher for better adaptability.  33. Uninstall shortcuts This permission allows user to delete APUS shortcuts created on other launchers.  34. Read call log This permission allows APUS read call log to notify missed calls and recommend contacts. No relative information will be collected.  35. Receive data from the internet This permission allows APUS to use internet data to update information for users.  36. Precise location (GPS and network-based) This permission allows APUS to use location service to provide weather information for users. This may consume more battery.  Precise location (GPS and network-based)    37. Manage Bluetooth Used to access Bluetooth settings and pair with other devices via Bluetooth.  38. Read  modify and delete contents in the SD card This permission allows APUS to read  modify and delete contents in SD card according to user's order.  39. Reroute outgoing calls This permission allows user to read and call back missed calls.  40. Install shortcuts This permission allows user to create APUS shortcuts on launcher home.  41. View or change system settings This permission allows APUS Settings to view and change settings of ringtone  vibration  screen rotate  and brightness.  42. System alert window Used to send instant notifications to users by drawing over other messages.  43. Access to widgets This permission allows users to add and display widgets of Android system and other apps on APUS Launcher.  44. View recently used apps Used for app arrangements on APUS Launcher home. No relative information will be collected.  Used for recently used apps in All Apps  Free Swipe  APUS Search. No relative information will be collected.  45. Read weather widget data This permission allows APUS launcher to display weather widget appropriately with mobile devices.  46. Apply for GCM service Used in Linked Wallpaper to send initiation via GCM service. Used in Daily News release.  47. Apply for notification access Used in 1-Tap Acceleration to clear useless notifications chosen by users.  48. Accessibility This permission allows APUS Booster to close apps chosen by users with accessibility. This permission is only used to speed up device and no other personal information will be collected.  49. Awake in background Used in Lock screen to activate 1-Tap Acceleration  close unnecessary apps running in background and save battery power.  \u2161. How we protect your information We will use commercially\ \ and technically reasonable means and efforts to properly arrange and protect\ \ your information  for example  to protect through use of newer asymmetric encryption\ \ techniques  to hold your personal information harmless from accidental loss \ \ misuse  alteration  destruction  unauthorized access and disclosure  and so\ \ on. Except as required by law or expressly allowed herein  we will not disclose\ \ your personal information: For legal reasons  To disclose your information as required by law or administrative regulations  or the disclosure is necessary to comply with legal procedure served on APUS websites; With your consent  To disclose your information with authorization or consent given by yourself; For user or public safety  To protect APUS right  APUS users or public safety  to guarantee the safety of APUS customers and products in case of emergency; To comply with APUS related terms of services and software license agreement.  \u2162. How we share your information We will not share your information\ \ with any other companies  organizations or individuals  except as expressly\ \ allowed as below: With your consent  Any sensitive personal information (including personally identifiable information  financial and payment information  authentication information  phone book or contact data  collectively known as personally identifiable information) shall not be shared with any other companies  organizations or individuals without your consent or authorization. Share with third parties adhere to this Policy  With commercially reasonable effort to protect your information  APUS will work with third-party business partners for specific field of products or services cooperation  in order to provide you with better and more comprehensive services. This cooperation may need us to share some user information with our business partners (personally identifiable information not included). Our partners may be provided with access to the information necessary to perform their functions only if they agree to strictly comply with this Privacy Policy and other confidentiality terms. We will urge our partners to protect the user information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the confidentiality terms.  Please be noted that some links connected with third-party web pages are included in APUS products. APUS does not make any warranties and shall not take any legal responsibilities of any products  content  privacy statements  operational policies  and other business activities of any other websites of third parties. If you wish to use the services of any other websites of third parties  please read carefully and understand their privacy policies and other related statements.  Probably we may share non-personally identifiable information with our business partners (such as publishers  advertisers  or affiliated websites) and may be publicly available. For example  we may disclose information to the public to let them know the overall user data and the overall trend for the use of APUS products. Meanwhile  APUS reminds you to pay attention to protect your personal information in your use of our services. Please be careful to disclose your personal information when using APUS services (for example  you are likely to make comments in the news comment section or posting your own email ID  and so on)  APUS does not take any responsibility for personal information disclosure or collection by any third party arising out of your personal disclosing actions. Please attach importance to protect your personal information with considering carefully whether the disclosure is necessary.  \u2163. Privacy Protection of Minors If you are a minor  you shall\ \ use our services with obtaining prior consent of your parent or legal guardian\ \ (collectively  \guardian\). We recommend that the guardians of minors shall\ \ read this Policy carefully  and we also recommend minors to obtain guardians'\ \ prior consent and guidance before submitting personal information in your use\ \ of our services. We are committed to the protection of children's privacy that\ \ we will not intentionally collect personal information of children under the\ \ age of 13.  \u2164. Update of Privacy Policy APUS is committed to make continuous\ \ progress for our services to improve user satisfaction  therefore we may update\ \ or change this Policy continuously with including any update or change on this\ \ page and you may find the date updated at the top of this Policy. We encourage\ \ you to review our Privacy Policy every time when you use our services.  \u2165. Contact us If you have any suggestion  feedback or request\ \ for this Policy  you may contact us on our Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/APUSGROUP\ \ or send us an email at privacy@apusapps.com.Thanks.  \xA9 2014-2017 APUS Group. ALL Rights Reserved  How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher Read does not\ \ obtain phone status and identity We may not read the unique device ID \u2026  How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher Read does not\   \ obtain phone status and identity We may not read the unique device ID \u2026    Further  we may not collect different information from your use of services  for example  your device information  browser type  location information  and other data that could be obtained through your use of browser  cookie  etc.  Further  we may not collect different information from your use   of services  for example  your device information  browser type  location information    and other data that could be obtained through your use of browser  cookie  etc.    How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher Precise location (GPS and network-based) is not collected  How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher Precise location   (GPS and network-based) is not collected    How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher We may not get your approximate location (network-based).  How we collect and use information - APUS Launcher We may not get   your approximate location (network-based).    