 Scope We appreciate the interest you have shown in our products.  This Privacy Policy outlines our guidelines for the information we collect when You interact with our apps.  'Personal Information is information about You that is personally identifiable to You like Your name  address  e-mail address  or phone number. Anonymised Information means information that is not associated with or linked to Your Personal Information. Anonymised Information does not permit identification of You. Anonymised Information  such as basic usage statistics regarding Your use of our products and services  does not by itself identify You  though such information may be unique or consist of or contain information that You consider personal.'  'Anonymised Information means information that is not associated   with or linked to Your Personal Information.'    'Personal Information is information about You that is personally   identifiable to You like Your name  address  e-mail address  or phone number.'    Anonymised Information does not permit identification of You.    Anonymised Information  such as basic usage statistics regarding   Your use of our products and services  does not by itself identify You  though   such information may be unique or consist of or contain information that You   consider personal.    Collection of Information We do not gather any Personal information from You. We just collect anonymised information  that helps us learn about our users and customers. We use this information to provide You with our products and services and the products and services of our carefully selected partners  to develop new products and services  to better tailor the features  performance and support of our products and services  and to offer You additional information and opportunities. We may collect Anonymised Information passively or actively.  We do not gather any Personal information from You.    We just collect anonymised information    Information Collected Via Technology As You use our apps  certain Anonymised Information may also be collected passively. This Anonymised Information includes location information (information about Your location)  information on how long it took You to travel certain routes  traffic patterns and on any technical glitches You may have encountered. The nature of the Anonymised Information that Your device transmits to us will not enable us to trace it back to an identifiable person. Privacy Policy Updates This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision  and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use the Anonymised Information  we will post a notice on this page. If You object to any such changes  You must cease using our products and services where Anonymised Information is collected. Continued use of our products and services following notice of any such changes will indicate Your acknowledgement of the changes and agreement to be bound by the new terms and conditions.  As You use our apps  certain Anonymised Information may also be   collected passively.    This Anonymised Information includes location information (information   about Your location)  information on how long it took You to travel certain   routes  traffic patterns and on any technical glitches You may have encountered.    As You use our apps  no Anonymised Information is collected passively. This Anonymised Information includes location information (information about Your location)  information on how long it took You to travel certain routes  traffic patterns and on any technical glitches You may have encountered.  As You use our apps  no Anonymised Information is collected passively.   This Anonymised Information includes location information (information about   Your location)  information on how long it took You to travel certain routes    traffic patterns and on any technical glitches You may have encountered.    