 'Privacy Policy Last update: Aug 8  2015 General Guidelines: Your contact information belongs to you. We don''t share it with anyone. Seriously we will do our best to protect your information and we will never abuse your information.'  'Privacy Policy Table of Contents: Overview The types of information we collect Security Third Party Services What do we do with your feedback Contacting us'  'Privacy Policy: Overview At Dami App (''DamiApp''  ''We''  ''Us''  ''Our'') We are creating services and software (such as Software Data Cable) aimed to help our users simplify the way they live. Improve the experience in using Android devices.'  We believe that it is important to keep our users informed regarding our privacy guidelines and principles. This Privacy Policy ('Privacy Policy') explains what kind of information is collected when you use Our Services and how this information is used. This Privacy Policy applies to all of Our Services. By using Our Services you are accepting the principles  guidelines and practices set forth herein.  By using Our Services you hereby agree that all personal data that you submit to us and/or any personal or non-personal data generated while and/or by using Our Services may be stored and/or processed by Us as described herein.  We may change  update and modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. Upon any change made to this Privacy Policy We will update the 'Last update' field at the top section of this Privacy Policy. You are responsible to regularly check this Privacy Policy for any changes. Your continuing use of Our Services constitutes your acceptance of any changes  updates and/or modifications made in this Privacy Policy.  'The types of information we collect We may collect the following information: When signing up to Our Services you may be required to submit information such as name  email address  etc. We may use this information as well as other information in order to provide you with Our Services and personalize your experience.'  'We may collect the following information:'    'We may collect the following information: When signing up to Our   Services you may be required to submit information such as name  email address    etc.'    When you send an email or any other communication to us (e.g. when you send an email to our support)  we may retain those communications in order to process and respond to your inquiry  as well as to improve Our Services. When you use Our Services our servers may automatically record information created by your use of Our Services  this recorded information is non-personal and shall be used strictly for analyzing and improving our services.  When you send an email or any other communication to us (e.g.    when you send an email to our support)  we may retain those communications   in order to process and respond to your inquiry  as well as to improve Our Services.    In order to further improve our services and provide you with a better experience you may send system log reports when reporting an issue. In addition  We may use services such as Flurry  Application Crash Report System for Android ('ACRA' - http://code.google.com/p/acra/) and other services which provide information in the event of a crash or other bugs and enable us to fix such issues and improve your experience.  'We may use Cookies to improve your experience. You can disable Cookies from your browser settings. As general information  Cookies are defined by Wikipedia as follows: A cookie  also known as an HTTP cookie  web cookie  or browser cookie  is usually a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user''s web browser while a user is browsing a website. When the user browses the same website in the future  the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of the user''s previous activity. We may reveal personal information to Third Parties or related parties if required to do so by law and/or by court order and in cases of danger or potential harm and/or threat to any Third Party. We may process information (personal and non-personal) at Our secured servers  which may be located at any location worldwide.'  We may use Cookies to improve your experience.    You can disable Cookies from your browser settings.    Security DamiApp takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site and our Services from loss  misuse  and unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration  or destruction. However  no Internet  email or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free  so you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us in this way.  Third Party Services Our Services may enable access and/or include links to other websites  applications and other media types outside or provided by Third Parties ('Third Party' and 'Third Party Services'). Third Party Services are not controlled or monitored by Us. It is important to note that We do not collect passwords during the authentication process to Third Party Services.  It is important to note that We do not collect passwords during   the authentication process to Third Party Services.    Third Party Services are provided to you for your convenience and the inclusion of any Third Party links or access does not imply any endorsement by Us of any Third Party Services. We shall not be held responsible for the content  privacy maintenance  or any action taken by any Third Party. When you choose to connect and use Third Party Services you do so at your own risk and under your own discretion. You hereby expressly relieve Gentoo from any liability relating to any Third Party Services. We shall not be responsible for any loss or damages of any sort relating to your use of any Third Party Services or derived from your exposure to Third Party content. We shall not be responsible for and We makes no warranties  express or implied  as to Third Party Services  including but not limited to  any privacy practices thereof. These Terms do not grant you with any right with respect to Third Party Services.  What do we do with your feedback We may use feedback or other information for user experience improvements and for upgrading and adding new features to Our Services. We may use your email address and any other means of communication in order to send you software updates and other notifications and to respond to your feedback.  We may use your email address and any other means of communication   in order to send you software updates and other notifications and to respond   to your feedback.    What do we do with your feedback We may use feedback or other information   for user experience improvements and for upgrading and adding new features to   Our Services.    'Contacting Us Should you have any other questions or concerns about our privacy policy  please contact us: damiapp@gmail.com'  