 'Privacy Policy (Last Revised: August 29  2016) 1.Introduction This Privacy Policy (Policy) explains how information about you or associated with you is collected  used and disclosed by SUPO Apps Team. (SUPO  we or us) when you use our Services through SUPO Security (Services).'  Where we refer to 'personal information' in this privacy policy we mean any data that may identify you as an individual.  'By using the Services  you confirm that you have read and consent to: (1)the collection of your information as described in this Policy;'  (2)the processing of your information; (3)the scanning of your mobile system for detecting virus  cleaning spam files or other similar functions.  If you have any questions relating to the content of this Policy please contact us via our customer service.  2.The Information We Collect Protecting your information and maintaining your trust is core to our mission. We will not sell your personal information to third parties.  'The types of information we collect are mainly as follows: (1) Information about malicious applications  files and other potential threats on your tablet  mobile phone or other applicable device and their behaviors and origins;'  'The types of information we collect are mainly as follows:'    (2) Information about your device including device ID  apps of the third party installed on the device  manufacturer of the device  internet history and bookmarks  screen size and model of the device  the mobile network you use but not the phone number;  Information about your device including device ID  apps of the   third party installed on the device  manufacturer of the device  internet history   and bookmarks  screen size and model of the device  the mobile network you use   but not the phone number;    (3) Information we collected as you use our services  such as certain Log Data and public information;  'Log Data is technical information that is automatically collected by us when you use our services  including: Error log and a DUMP file automatically generated when an unexpected error occurs or an application crashes; and we do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product  such as name  phone number  physical address; The number calling or called not including in the contact of the end user''s device and the number marked as the spam or the merchant number submitted by the end user. Please note that we do not collect any contact information in your device and we only read the contact number in your device to specify the number not in your contact;'  Please note that we do not collect any contact information in your   device and we only read the contact number in your device to specify the number   not in your contact;    and we do not collect your personal identifiable information when   you using our product  such as name  phone number  physical address; The number   calling or called not including in the contact of the end user's device and   the number marked as the spam or the merchant number submitted by the end user.    Call Log not including the private information.  (4)Location Data. When you have enabled geographical location-based or GPS services on your device in relation to Our Services  we will collect information about your geographical location or GPS position based on the location of the device you are using to access our Services. That information helps us identify your physical location. Please note that we will not store or transfer your GPS information nor do we use such information to specify you.  That information helps us identify your physical location.    When you have enabled geographical location-based or GPS services   on your device in relation to Our Services  we will collect information about   your geographical location or GPS position based on the location of the device   you are using to access our Services.    We may also receive your personal contact information contained in correspondence via our web sites and communications channels. This enables us to offer user support  surveys  and similar services.  We may also receive your personal contact information contained   in correspondence via our web sites and communications channels.    We constantly review and challenge the procedures we have in place for data handling and data security and have internal system and controls to ensure compliance.  3.The use of information we collect (1)to provide our services to you; (2)to find out the reason that the error occurred or app crashed and improve the quality of the product;  (3)for customer service  security  fraud-detection  archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of our services;  (4)to better understand how you access and use our services  for the purposes of trying to improve our services and to respond to customer desires and preferences  including language and location customization  personalized help and instructions  or other responses to your and other customers' usage of our services;  (5)to help us develop our new services and improve our existing services;  (6)to assess the effectiveness of and improve advertising and other marketing and promotional activities on or in connection with our services;  (7)for the purposes of software verification or administering software upgrades;  (8)for allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services;  (9)Provide the end user with the spam number or the merchant number notice.  4.Withdraw Consent You may at any time withdraw your consent for the collection of your data by going to the Setting section and opt out of Participation of our Services.  '5.Sharing Information With Third Parties By Us We may share information with third parties as follows: (1) We do not sell  trade  or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may disclose your Non-personal information: To trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website  conducting our business  cooperation with us or servicing you  so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential;'  (2)with your consent (for example  if you consent to our sharing your information with a third party for the third party's own and independent direct marketing purposes subject to its separate privacy policy);  (3)in connection with any company transaction  such as a merger  sale of assets or shares  reorganization  financing  change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy  dissolution  divestiture or any related or similar proceedings; and  (4)to  in our discretion  (i) satisfy any applicable law  regulation  subpoena/court order  legal process or other government request  (ii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations; (iii) detect  prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking)  security or technical issues.  Note that the term third party does not include companies in the same group of companies as us  which includes our subsidiaries (that is  any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (that is  any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries that our holding company owns. Unless otherwise indicated  these companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy.  6.Communications From Us You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to our Service updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time by going to the Settings menu.  7.Security Of Information We will take reasonable measures to help protect your information in an effort to prevent loss  misuse and unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration or destruction and to treat it in accordance with this Policy. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information are absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your information which is impenetrable.  8.Updates To This Policy We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time. If we make changes to this Policy  we will change the Last Revised date at the beginning of this Policy and will post the updated Policy on this page. We may also provide other methods of notice or request your consent depending on the circumstances.  9.Sensitive Information We ask that you not send us  and you not disclose  any sensitive Personal Information (e.g.  information related to racial or ethnic origin  political opinions  religion or other beliefs  health  sexual orientation  criminal background or membership in past organizations  including trade union memberships) on or through an application  the Services or the website or otherwise to us.  10.Governing Law And Arbitration; The validity  construction and\ \ interpretation of this Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in\ \ accordance with the laws of Hong Kong  without giving effect to the conflict\ \ of law provisions thereof. For any disputes arising out of this Privacy Policy \ \ the Parties consent to submit such disputes to Hong Kong International Arbitration\ \ Centre\uFF08\HKIAC\\uFF09according to the HKIAC arbitration rules then in\ \ effect. The arbitration shall be held in Hong Kong and in the language of English.\ \ The arbitration award shall be final and binding to both Parties.  11.Contact Us If you wish to contact us regarding this Privacy Policy or any privacy-related matters  please contact us via email at [suposecdev@gmail.com ].  