 FORTAFY GAMES PRIVACY POLICY By Privacy Policy  we mean the way we collect  use and disclose any information we collect from our users. The following Privacy Policy applies to all our mobile games  application  game browser  website and any other service we offer. Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information from our users. This kind of information in mainly technical (Such as the browser's brand  the type of device  the Internet provider ...) and does not include personal details. Personal identification information We may collect and use personal identification information from our users  whenever they connect to our services. Web browser cookies We may use cookies to enhance our users' experience. Also  this allow us to track some information and keep some record of it on the users' browsers. Users always have the choice to set up their device in order to refuse cookies. The information collected  as described above  is used to improve our customer service. Indeed  our users' information is needed to improve our response to the customers' requests. Also  our users' information is required to boost our services. We do not sell  trade  or rent our users' personal identification information to third parties. The only part of our users' data we may share is the one related to technical information  and will not allow any party to access private data such as names.  ) and does not include personal details.    Also  our users' information is required to boost our services.    Also  this allow us to track some information and keep some record   of it on the users' browsers.    FORTAFY GAMES PRIVACY POLICY By Privacy Policy  we mean the way   we collect  use and disclose any information we collect from our users.    Indeed  our users' information is needed to improve our response   to the customers' requests.    Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal   identification information from our users.    Personal identification information We may collect and use personal   identification information from our users  whenever they connect to our services.    The following Privacy Policy applies to all our mobile games  application    game browser  website and any other service we offer.    The information collected  as described above  is used to improve   our customer service.    The only part of our users' data we may share is the one related   to technical information  and will not allow any party to access private data   such as names.    This kind of information in mainly technical (Such as the browser's   brand  the type of device  the Internet provider    Users always have the choice to set up their device in order to   refuse cookies.    We do not sell  trade  or rent our users' personal identification   information to third parties.    Web browser cookies We may use cookies to enhance our users'   experience.    Users may find advertising or other content on our services that link to some random sites and services of third parties  which may be our partners or may be fully independent. Therefore  whenever you use a third party service  please note you depend on their own Privacy Policy.  This apply to ads  delivered by our advertising partners  appearing on our services.  We reserve the rights to update this privacy policy at any time. Feel free to check the update date at the bottom of this page.  By using our services  you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. In the eventuality you would not agree to this policy  please do not use our services.  Your continued use of our services following any update to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of said changes.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please contact\ \ us at contact@fortafygames.com This document was last updated on March 8  2016\ \ Copyright \xA9 2015 Fortafy Games - All rights reserved - Follow us on Twitter\ \ - Facebook page - Youtube page - Contact us  