 HOME APPS GO Launcher EX Most popular Launcher on Android GO Locker Top downloaded lock screen app Next Browser The fastest web browser GO Weather EX The most friendly weather app GO TaskManager EX Powerful  Simple and Safe phone manager Next Launcher 3D NO.1 3D Android Launcher GO SMS Pro The best experience of messaging BLOG HOME APPS GO Launcher EX Most popular Launcher on Android GO Locker Top downloaded lock screen app Next Browser The fastest web browser GO Weather EX The most friendly weather app GO TaskManager EX Powerful  Simple and Safe phone manager Next Launcher 3D NO.1 3D Android Launcher GO SMS Pro The best experience of messaging BLOG  PRIVACY POLICY Your privacy is important to Guangzhou Jiubang Digital Technology Co.  Ltd and we are committed to protecting your privacy. So we've developed a Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.  PERSONAL INFORMATION Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.  We DO NOT collect  store or use any personal information while you visit  download or upgrade our website or our products  excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account  send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities.  'Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop  deliver  and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you''ve participated in.'  'In the following circumstances  we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law: (1) Your prior permission; (2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence  legal process  litigation requests;'  (3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;  (4) To protect our legal rights and interests.  NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual  such as your Android ID  CPN model  memory size  your phone IMEI number  phone model  rom  phone operator  location  install  uninstall  frequency of use  etc.  Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit   direct association with any specific individual  such as your Android ID  CPN   model  memory size  your phone IMEI number  phone model  rom  phone operator    location  install  uninstall  frequency of use  etc.    We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user's behavior  solve problems in products and services  improve our products  services and advertising  we may collect non-personal information such as the data of install  frequency of use  country  equipment and channel.  We may collect and use non-personal information in the following   circumstances.    If non-personal information is combined with personal information  we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.  PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We take precautions - including administrative  technical  and physical measures - to safeguard your personal information against loss  theft  and misuse  as well as against unauthorized access  disclosure  alteration  and destruction.  When you use some products  services  or post your comments  the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read  collected  or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.  OUR COMPANYWIDE COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.  PRIVACY QUESTIONS If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing  please contact us.  We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way  a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.  Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual  such as your Android ID  CPN model  memory size  your phone IMEI number  phone model  rom  phone operator  location  install  uninstall  frequency of use  etc. Our app does not collect or use non-personal information.  Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit   direct association with any specific individual  such as your Android ID  CPN   model  memory size  your phone IMEI number  phone model  rom  phone operator    location  install  uninstall  frequency of use  etc. Our app does not collect   or use non-personal information.    