 Privacy Policy We (the people behind the Pou app and the Pou.me website) are committed to protecting any data that we collect concerning you (the User). By using our services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  We are committed to protecting your (child's) privacy We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service. This Policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you. Your use of the Pou app or website gives us the right to collect that information.  Information Collected We may collect any or all of the information that you give us depending on the type of transaction you (or your child) enters into  including your email address  together with data about your use of the app or website. Other information that may be needed from time to time to process a request may also be collected as indicated on the website. We automatically retrieve and retain information about your device  computer and browser  including IP addresses  device type  operating system  cookies  browser type and information  pages visited  etc...  We automatically retrieve and retain information about your device    computer and browser  including IP addresses  device type  operating system    cookies  browser type and information  pages visited  etc.    We may collect any or all of the information that you give us depending   on the type of transaction you (or your child) enters into  including your email   address  together with data about your use of the app or website.    Information Displayed Your Account Information Upon registration  you are required to provide a valid Account E-mail address. Your Account E-mail is never shown publicly under any circumstance. You are also required to provide a unique Nickname that will be publicly visible when we find it appropriate and/or permitted by you. It is your responsibility to chose a nickname that is different from your real name. We claim no responsibility for any damage done as a result to your name being exposed publicly.  Upon registration  you are required to provide a valid Account   E-mail address.    Other Information Your other information that may have been willingly provided such as real name  phone numbers  personal e-mails  addresses  etc... are kept confidential unless stated otherwise at the time of entering them.  Your other information that may have been willingly provided such   as real name  phone numbers  personal e-mails  addresses  etc    are kept confidential unless stated otherwise at the time of entering   them.    'Disclosing Information We shall never provide personal information about you to other parties  except when we have your permission  or under the following specific and extreme circumstances: When the Pou app or website is subject to court orders  subpoenas  or any other official legal process. Your information could be used to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. When we suspect that user actions are in favor of illegal activities  or situations showing potential threat to the physical or mental safety of any person  or as otherwise required by law.'  In case the Pou app and/or website gets acquired or merged with another company  information about you shall be transferred  and you will be subject to other Privacy Policy. However  we shall notify you prior to such an event.  Personal Information about you will be accessible to specific employees who will be assisting you and providing you with better user experience. Note that our employees will be subject to disciplinary actions  including termination of employment and/or criminal prosecution  if they fail to meet the obligations to which they are bound while working with us. On the other hand  we shall use information about user activity in order to provide statistics to other people or other companies  but such information shall never enclose any mentioning of personal identity.  Cookies We have the right to set and access cookies on your computer. The use of cookies improves the quality of our services  which includes recording user sessions and preferences  improving targeted advertisements  etc...  Cookies We have the right to set and access cookies on your computer.    The use of cookies improves the quality of our services  which   includes recording user sessions and preferences  improving targeted advertisements    etc    Changes to this Policy Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our Policy. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Policy. However  to be on the safe side  we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.  Contacting Us If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy  or if you want to know what information we have collected about you  please contact us. You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details form any list under our control.  