 English Deutsch Fran\xE7ais Espa\xF1ol Italiano Portug\xFBes \u0420\ \u0443\u0441\u0441\u043A\u0438\u0439 \u65E5\u672C\u8A9E \uD55C\uAD6D\uC5B4 ..............\ \ Arabic Bulgarian Czech Danish Dutch Greek Finnish Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Indonesian\ \ Norwegian Polish Romanian Slovak Serbian Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese\ \ \u6B63\u9AD4\u5B57 applications blog support  Preamble I wrote a simpler human privacy policy  which you can read to understand my true feelings. What follows is a lawyer-friendly version as required by app stores to publish our apps.  Privacy Policy for Flashlight HD Last updated: February 02  2017\ \ smalltech s\xE0rl (\us\  \we\  or \our\) operates the Flashlight HD mobile\ \ application (the \Service\).  This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection  use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.  We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.  We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service  you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy  terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.  'Android permissions This application requires a specific privacy policy because it uses the Camera permission. It is important to note that the app DOES NOT TAKE PICTURES OR RECORD VIDEOS. So why do we require the permission ? The answer is: to be able to turn on the LED light. There are thousands of different android devices which have either outdated systems or bugs that make it impossible to turn on the LED light with the operating system''s dedicated functions. So in order to achieve the main functionality of the app (turn on the LED) on the vast majority on devices  we use various workarounds just to achieve this goal. Some tricks use the Autofocus feature (which requires the camera permission) and others tricks like the PREVIEW mode (which you can see in our test tool in the app) launches a camera capture process in order to turn on the LED. Even in this mode all camera input is immediately discarded. It is never saved anywhere.'  Information Collection And Use While using our Service  we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.  Log Data When you access the Service by or through a mobile device  we may collect certain technical information automatically and anonymously  including  but not limited to  the type of mobile device you use  your mobile device unique ID  the IP address of your mobile device  your mobile operating system  the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics (Log Data).  When you access the Service by or through a mobile device  we may   collect certain technical information automatically and anonymously  including    but not limited to  the type of mobile device you use  your mobile device unique   ID  the IP address of your mobile device  your mobile operating system  the   type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics (Log Data).    In addition  we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect  monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.  Compliance With Laws We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.  Business Transaction If smalltech s\xE0rl is involved in a merger \ \ acquisition or asset sale  your Personal Information may be transferred. We\ \ will provide notice before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes\ \ subject to a different Privacy Policy.  Security The security of your Personal Information is important to us  but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information  we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  International Transfer Your information  including Personal Information  may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state  province  country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.  If you are located outside Switzerland and choose to provide information to us  please note that we transfer the information  including Personal Information  to Switzerland and process it there.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.  Links To Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link  you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.  We have no control over  and assume no responsibility for the content  privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.  Children's Privacy Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (Children).  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information  please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent  we take steps to remove that information from our servers.  Changes To This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.  You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.  Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please contact us.  Copyright \xA9 2008-2017 smallte.ch - All rights reserved smalltech\ \ S\xE0rl. | Privacy Policy  When you access the Service by or through a mobile device  we do not collect the type of mobile device you use  your mobile device unique ID  the IP address of your mobile device  your mobile operating system  the type of mobile Internet browser you use or other statistics.  When you access the Service by or through a mobile device  we do   not collect the type of mobile device you use  your mobile device unique ID    the IP address of your mobile device  your mobile operating system  the type   of mobile Internet browser you use or other statistics.    