 '[ERROR] JavaScript support is required for our site to be fully operational in your browser. Home'  E-licenses Dr.Web Security Space Anti-virus for Windows Dr.Web KATANA Anti-virus for OS X Anti-virus for Linux Mobile protection OEM products Compare  Anti-virus as a service Subscribe Dr.Web Premium Dr.Web Classic  Services My Dr.Web Portal Buy online Renew/Upgrade Register Serial number recovery License manager Update Dr.Web anti-virus to version 11.0 Demo  Dr.Web CureIt! free for home License certificate Business  Products Dr.Web Enterprise Security Suite Control center Desktop protection Server protection E-mail protection Gateway protection Mobile protection Licensing  For IT service providers Dr.Web AV-Desk  SMB bundles Dr.Web Universal (5-50 PC) Dr.Web for schools (10-200 PC)  Curing utilities Dr.Web CureNet! Dr.Web CureIt!  For banks Dr.Web ATM Shield  For equipment manufacturers Dr.Web Mail Security Suite Dr.Web Gateway Security Suite  For \u041EEM suppliers Dr.Web \u041E\u0415\u041C Universal Dr.Web\ \ \u041E\u0415\u041C Mobile Dr.Web \u041E\u0415\u041C Server  Licenses&Certificates Services for users Buy Renew/Upgrade Register Serial number recovery License manager Online license certificate generation service Download  Ask for free trial For home Dr.Web KATANA For business Protection of mobile devices Dr.Web bundles Curing utilities Dr.Web LiveDemo for business  Download For home For business  Free services Dr.Web for Android  System administrator emergency kit Curing utilities Dr.Web CureNet! Dr.Web CureIt! Dr.Web LiveDisk  LinkChecker for IE for Mozilla for Opera for Safari for Google Chrome Documentation Localizations  News Dr.Web products Sign up RSS-feeds eStore  For new customers eStore Buy with mobile Buy from partners  Discounts Migration for business Edu and Health  For returning customers Renew license Upgrade license  Dr.Web AV-Desk Find a provider  News Promotions Dr.Web products Sign up RSS-feeds Support  Support services Submit a request Forums  Free for Dr.Web customers Registration Restoration of key Serial number recovery Registration email address change My Dr.Web log in Get a license certificate Protection for mobiles Dr.Web CureNet! Dr.Web CureIt!  Free for Dr.Web customers Registration Restoration of key Serial   number recovery Registration email address change My Dr.Web log in Get a license   certificate Protection for mobiles Dr.Web CureNet!    Self-support License manager FAQ Upgrade to v.11 Presentations Unlock anti-theft  Knowledge base Legal section Classification of viruses Types of viruses Phishing  AV lab services Decryption (Encoder) Send a file for analysis Report a malicious URL  Free for all Unlocking of Windows (Winlock) Anti-Flashback Online scanners  Dr.Web CureIt! (for home) Dr.Web LiveDemo Dr.Web Link Checker Training  For users Courses Register for exam  For IT specialists and students Courses and certification Register for exam  For partners and retailers Courses and certification Register for exam External training cabinet  News Sign up RSS-feeds Partners  Find partner All partners E-stores Locate a distributor  Partnership offerings For distributors For web site owners  Partners area Partner access Restore password  Training for partners Courses and certification Register for exam  About Doctor Web Company profile Company history They were the pioneers Licenses and certificates Privacy policy  Contacts Headquarters Regional offices  Press center Booklets Gallery Infographics  Buy Buy from partners Anti-virus As a Service Buy online Buy renewal License wizard  Resources Virus library Virus reviews Dr.Web AV-Desk statistics  News On Dr.Web products Sign up RSS feeds  Privacy Policy The terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy (the Policy) apply to any information that Doctor Web  Ltd. (the Right Holder) receives and/or may receive about physical/legal entities or individual business persons constituting the users/visitors (the User) of any of the websites  services  subscriptions  computer programs and their components  or other products of Doctor Web  Ltd. (the Services) during the course of the User using (or in connection with the User using) the Services.  'The User unconditionally and entirely accepts the terms and conditions of the Policy as soon as he or she starts using the Services. If the User disagrees with the Policy or with any of its terms and conditions  he or she has no right to use the Services. Information about Users that the Right Holder receives and/or may receive and process:'  Information and data provided by the User (e.g.  when registering/creating a user account or while using the Services)  including but not limited to the User's personal data and comments he or she has made while using the Services. The Right Holder assumes that the User is providing reliable information.  'Information that  while the User is using the Services  is automatically transmitted to the Right Holder by the User''s devices through the software installed on those devices. Such information includes but is not limited to: the User''s IP address  the User''s browser and OS  the IP address requested by the User while using an Internet resource  and the time of that request. The Right Holder''s reasons for receiving (collecting) and processing the information mentioned in clauses 2.1 and 2.2 of this Policy (the Information):'  Information that  while the User is using the Services  is automatically   transmitted to the Right Holder by the User's devices through the software installed   on those devices.    'Such information includes but is not limited to: the User''s IP   address  the User''s browser and OS  the IP address requested by the User while   using an Internet resource  and the time of that request.'    The Right Holder receives and processes the Information needed in order to provide the Services  develop and improve products and/or Services  and execute agreements and contracts. The Information is also used to interact with the User during consultations with the Right Holder's technical support  and also during other interactions with the User. The Right Holder may also ask the User to provide information about his or her computer and operating system configuration. Such information is needed to more accurately pinpoint the problem the User has experienced as a result of using the Services and to develop the most effective recommendations for eliminating the problem.  The Information is also used to analyse the composition of the audience visiting the Right Holder's Services  and for communicating with the User  which includes but is not limited to sending letters  notices  requests and proposals  and processing User requests and proposals. The Information may also be used to ensure the security of the Services and to monitor compliance with the licensing regulations of the Right Holder's Services  and conduct statistical and other studies. To make it easier to work with some Services  cookies are placed on User computers  which streamlines navigation through the Services.  To make it easier to work with some Services  cookies are placed   on User computers  which streamlines navigation through the Services.    'The User understands and accepts that when using the Services to upload files for online antivirus scanning  the full path to the uploaded files on the User''s device is revealed to the Right Holder. The Right Holder does not store  nor does it distribute to third parties  any files uploaded by the User for online antivirus scanning; such files are destroyed by the Right Holder immediately after online antivirus scanning. The User also understands and accepts that despite the fact that the Right Holder uses secure protocols for receiving/transmitting data  the content of the files uploaded for online antivirus scanning may be intercepted and read by third parties at the moment such files are uploaded (before the Right Holder receives the files) without the User''s and/or the Right Holder''s knowledge. Therefore  the Right Holder is not liable for the safety of the information contained in files uploaded for online antivirus scanning. Conditions for processing the Information and distributing it to third parties. The Right Holder stores and processes the User''s Information according to its internal regulations and current legislation of the Russian Federation. The Right Holder has the right to transfer the Information to third parties in the cases specified below: The User has granted his or her consent for such actions;'  The transfer is needed within the scope of a particular Service used by the User or to provide services to the User. This includes but is not limited to investigating potential User violations; The transfer is stipulated by Russian or other applicable legislation under procedures established by the legislation. The User understands and accepts that the Right Holder has the right to use the Information in the Services and to use any comments posted by the User via the Services in the Right Holder's official social media groups  communities  and websites. User changes to personal information. The User can at any time change  update  or supplement the personal information (in full or in part) that he or she has provided  and also change the extent to which the information is confidential by applying in writing to the Right Holder. Measures taken to protect the Information. The Right Holder takes all necessary and sufficient organisational and technical measures within its control to protect the Information from unauthorized or accidental access  destruction  modification  blocking  copying  distribution  and other illegal actions on the part of third parties. Other conditions.  'The Right Holder has the right to change the Policy without giving prior notice to the User. A new version of the Policy comes into force as soon as it is published  unless stated otherwise by the new version of the Policy. The most current version of the Policy is always located at company.drweb.com/policy. The laws of the Russian Federation apply to this Policy and the relationship that arises between the User and the Right Holder as a result of this Policy being applied. The Right Holder''s address: 125040  Russia  Moscow  3rd street Yamskogo polya 2-12A.'  BUY from our partners online with mobile Add to the library Company\ \ News&Events Send a virus Online scanner Privacy policy Site map \xA9 Doctor\ \ Web 2003 - 2017 Doctor Web is the Russian developer of Dr.Web anti-virus software.\ \ We have been developing our products since 1992. The company is a key player\ \ on the Russian market for software that meets the fundamental need of any business\ \ - information security. Doctor Web is one of the few anti-virus vendors in the\ \ world to have its own technologies to detect and cure malware. Our anti-virus\ \ protection system allows the information systems of our customers to be protected\ \ from any threats  even those still unknown. Doctor Web was the first company\ \ to offer an anti-virus as a service and  to this day  is still the undisputed\ \ Russian market leader in Internet security services for service providers. Doctor\ \ Web has received state certificates and awards; our satisfied customers spanning\ \ the globe are clear evidence of the high quality of the products created by\ \ our talented Russian programmers.  www.drweb.com | estore.drweb.com | curenet.drweb.com | www.av-desk.com | free.drweb.com  