 Support Sign In English English Portugu\xEAs (Brasil) \u0420\u0443\ \u0441\u0441\u043A\u0438\u0439 Espa\xF1ol \u0411\u044A\u043B\u0433\u0430\u0440\ \u0441\u043A\u0438 Hrvatski Svenska T\xFCrk\xE7e Polski  Privacy Policy We value your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to your usage of the software and services provided by Zello Inc (Services). We only collect your information in order to improve the Services and will never sell or share your information with other legal entities for commercial purposes except in the cases when it's required as a part of the Services you requested.  The information we collect and how we use it The information you provide  During the registration or your use of the Services we ask you for your personal data such as name  email address  billing information. We use that information to provision the Services  contact you when necessary  and improve the Services. Cookies  During the registration or your use of the Services we ask you   for your personal data such as name  email address  billing information.    Cookies are a small piece of data used to exchange information between your browser and the server. We use cookies to store your session identifier. The server erases your cookies when you log out. We may use the permanent cookies to store some of your preferences  such as user interface language. Server logs  Cookies are a small piece of data used to exchange information   between your browser and the server.    Server logs    The server erases your cookies when you log out.    We may use the permanent cookies to store some of your preferences    such as user interface language.    We use cookies to store your session identifier.    Every time you visit the Services web interface  servers log an entry that includes date and time  your IP address  browser type  browser language  referrer and an address of the page requested. When you connect using client software  the server log file adds that includes timestamp  your IP address  your Services username  client platform and client software version. We use this information for analytical purposes in aggregated form.  Every time you visit the Services web interface  servers log an   entry that includes date and time  your IP address  browser type  browser language    referrer and an address of the page requested.    When you connect using client software  the server log file adds   that includes timestamp  your IP address  your Services username  client platform   and client software version.    Public channels When you connect to a public channel  your Services username is visible to other users connected to the same channel. Public channels communication may be stored in voice history on participant's computers or mobile devices.  Communication privacy We do not record or keep track of your voice communication in using the Service. However  the person you are talking to may save  replay and share your messages from voice history.  Data storage Services uses third party hosting providers to store your data. We store your username  encrypted password  contact list and email address.  Data storage Services uses third party hosting providers to store   your data.    We store your username  encrypted password  contact list and email   address.    Disclosure Services may disclose personally identifiable information when it's required to comply with law enforcement requests or subpoenas when you violate the Terms of Service.  Changes This privacy policy may be modified from time to time. When changes are significant  we will notify you by publishing the notice in our blog at http://blog.zello.com/. iPhone Android Windows Phone beta signup BlackBerry Public Channels Support Accessories ZelloWork Privacy Terms of Service Press Jobs Blog Contact Team  Follow @Zello \xA9 2017 Zello Inc  No users will be asked for names or email addresses.  No users will be asked for names or email addresses.    We do not collect your IP address.  We do not collect your IP address.    