 What kinds of information do we collect? Depending on which Services you use  we collect different kinds of information from or about you.  Things you do and information you provide.  We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Services  including when you create or share a post  and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide  such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. We also collect information about how you use our Services  such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities.  This can include information in or about the content you provide    such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created.    We collect the content and other information you provide when you   use our Services  including when you create or share a post  and message or   communicate with others.    Device information.  'We collect information from or about the smart phones  tablets or other devices where you install or access our Services  depending on the permissions you''ve granted. We may associate the information we collect from your different devices  which helps us provide consistent Services across your devices. Here are some examples of the device information we collect: - Attributes such as the operating system  hardware version  device settings  file and software names and types  battery and signal strength  and device identifiers.'  'Here are some examples of the device information we collect: Attributes   such as the operating system  hardware version  device settings  file and software   names and types  battery and signal strength  and device identifiers.'    '- Device locations  including specific geographic locations  such as through GPS  Bluetooth  or WiFi signals.'  Device locations  including specific geographic locations  such   as through GPS  Bluetooth  or WiFi signals.    '- Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP  browser type  language and time zone  mobile phone number and IP address.'  Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator   or ISP  browser type  language and time zone  mobile phone number and IP address.    '- List of installed apps on your device.'  'How do we use this information? We are passionate about creating engaging and customized experiences for people. We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support our Services. Here''s how: Provide  improve and develop Services.'  We are able to deliver our Services  personalize content  and make suggestions for you by using this information to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you're connected to and interested in on and off our Services.  We conduct surveys and research  test features in development  and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve products and services  develop new products or features  and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.  Provide personalized apps recommendation.  We are able to deliver personalized app content and make app recommendations for you based on the information you provide  such as content you like  posts you create and list of apps installed on your device. For example  we can make personalized recommendations for new apps that you are more likely to find useful  and also avoid recommending apps that you already own.  Communicate with you.  We use your information to send you marketing communications  communicate with you about our Services and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.  Show and measure ads and services.  We use the information we have to improve our advertising and measurement systems so we can show you relevant ads on and off our Services and measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services.  Promote safety and security.  We use the information we have to help verify accounts and activity  and to promote safety and security on and off of our Services  such as by investigating suspicious activity or violations of our terms or policies. We work hard to protect your account using teams of engineers  automated systems  and advanced technology such as encryption and machine learning.  