 Information we collect As a free tool app  we guarantee that we do not collect personal information (such as e-mail address  phone number  credit card number  fax  SSN and so on). Also  we do never collect your wifi name or password. We may collect non-personal identification. All of these are for serving you better.  Also  we do never collect your wifi name or password.    As a free tool app  we guarantee that we do not collect personal   information (such as e-mail address  phone number  credit card number  fax    SSN and so on).    How we use information we collect We use the information we collect from you to improve our product.  We use location information for Network Master and Lion Locker to retrieve local weather information only and will not store your location information on our server.  We use location information for Network Master and Lion Locker   to retrieve local weather information only and will not store your location   information on our server.    Information security We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical electronic  and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example  we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate  develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that  although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain  no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.  Changes Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and  if the changes are significant  we will provide a more prominent notice. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.  Contact us If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application  or have questions about our practices  please contact us via email at contact@lionmobi.com .  Other To learn about ads in our apps  visit https://m.facebook.com/ads/ad_choices  