 Toggle navigation Naing Group Contact Us Privacy Policy Login  Privacy Policy Your Privacy is important to us. This Privacy statements states how and why we use those personal data which we collects from you. This Privacy policy is a part to our terms of service and applies to the information that is collected during the connection with the installation and use of the application  related service and our site. For any question or regards about this Privacy Policy please contact us at group.naing@gmail.com.  'Information which we collects: For your service only we collects your personal information as per we need. Only for provide and the improvement the App services we are committed to collecting the necessary information.'  'Personal Information: We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person  such as your first name and last name  physical addresses  email addresses  telephone  fax  SSN  information stored within your device.'  Personal Information is information that identifies you or another   person  such as your first name and last name  physical addresses  email addresses    telephone  fax  SSN  information stored within your device.    We do not collect Personal Information.    'Private Information: We never collected the actual Personal Information. A personal information is those information that identifies you or any another person  such as the information which states about your First Name  Last Name  Physical Addresses  Telephone  Fax  SSN  and other information stored within your device.'  A personal information is those information that identifies you   or any another person  such as the information which states about your First   Name  Last Name  Physical Addresses  Telephone  Fax  SSN  and other information   stored within your device.    We never collected the actual Personal Information.    'How to contact us: For any sort of your question or comments related about this policy or our privacy practices  please contact us as by group.naing@gmail.com.'  'Changes to our Privacy Policy: Please review this policy periodically as we will post any privacy policy changes on this page. For any modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances we will surely provide you additional forms of notice mentioning that.You can immediately stop all the services as you do not agree to any modifications to this policy.'  We never collected the actual Personal Information. A personal information is those information that identifies you or any another person  such as the information which states about your First Name  Last Name  Physical Addresses  Telephone  Fax  SSN  and other information stored within your device.  We never collected the actual Personal Information. A personal   information is those information that identifies you or any another person    such as the information which states about your First Name  Last Name  Physical   Addresses  Telephone  Fax  SSN  and other information stored within your device.    We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person  such as your first name and last name  physical addresses  email addresses  telephone  fax  SSN  information stored within your device.  We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is   information that identifies you or another person  such as your first name and   last name  physical addresses  email addresses  telephone  fax  SSN  information   stored within your device.    