 Fotoable Cloud Albums Home Support  Privacy Policy Facebook Ads Privacy Policy\uFF1Aclick and jump to\ \ https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Your privacy is important to Fotoable.  Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request  this privacy statement applies to fotoable.com and its products  namely Fotoable  InstaMag  InstaBeauty  PIP Camera  Photo Editor - FotoRus  InstaVideo  You Makeup  App Lock  PIP Lock Screen  Video Player  Music Player  Keyboard  Video  Video Editor  Beauty Camera  Flashlight  Speed Test  QR Code  Collage  Antivirus  Translate  Piano  Launcher  Photo  Weather  Photo Collage  Lock Screen & AppLock Security  File Transfer  Snap  MP3 Converter  Battery  Wi-Fi  Face Swap   Photo camera   Wallpaper & Lock Screen  Cartoon Photo Filters   Photo+   PhotoAble   Calculator +   Photo Collage - Collage Maker  Chat  Applock & Lock Screen  Lock Screen  Photo Filters & Selfie Camera  Emoji Keyboard  Clean(Cleaner Mobile Master) and Lock Screen & Wallpaper  Personal Information We DO NOT collect  store or use any personal information while you visit  download or upgrade our products.  'We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop  deliver  and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you''ve participated in.'  'In the following circumstances  we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law: (1) Your prior permission; (2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence  legal process  litigation requests; (3) By requests from public and governmental authorities; (4) To protect our legal rights and interests.'  Non- Personal Information We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user's behavior  solve problems in products and services  improve our products  services and advertising  we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name  the data of install  frequency of use  country  equipment and channel.  If non-personal information is combined with personal information  we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.  Information we get from your use of our services We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them  such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model  operating system version  unique device identifiers  and mobile network information). Fotoable will not share that information with third parties.  We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware   model  operating system version  unique device identifiers  and mobile network   information).    Location information When you use a location-enabled Fotoable service  we may collect and process information about your actual location  like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location  such as sensor data from your device that may  for example  provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.  We may also use various technologies to determine location  such   as sensor data from your device that may  for example  provide information on   nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.    When you use a location-enabled Fotoable service  we may collect   and process information about your actual location  like GPS signals sent by   a mobile device.    Unique application numbers Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example  the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Fotoable when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers  such as for automatic updates.  Fotoable will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do so  we will also revise the last modified date of the privacy statement.  No technologies to determine location  such as sensor data from your device that  for example  would provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers  is used.  No technologies to determine location  such as sensor data from   your device that  for example  would provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access   points and cell towers  is used.    