 Solo Launcher Privacy Policy and Terms of Service This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect about our users and how we may use the information.  We want to emphasize that the only purpose of accessing this information is to make the functions listed below work  and any information besides basic anonymous Solo Launcher usage data will always keep in your cellphone.  Device & App History Read sensitive log data Retrieve running apps  We use this information to improve the basic quality of the Solo Launcher to ensure that it is fast  stable in users' phones. For example  by constantly analyzing this information  we have reduced the crash rate to only 0.07%.  Identity Find accounts on the device  Identity    We do not recognize and save your account. We only detect whether you have a Google account in the phone or not. This helps us to confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application update methods.  Contacts & Phone Directly call phone numbers Read your contact  Contacts & Phone Directly call phone numbers Read your contact    The permission is for creating shortcut on the home screen  and users can check and dial easily which will save their time and unnecessary clicks.  Photos \u2044 Media \u2044 Files Modify or delete the contents of\ \ your USB storage Test access to protected storage  We use this permission to launch the apps installed in the SD card and store the wallpaper. They are basic features for an android launcher app.  Approximate location (network-based) The permission is for Solo Weather widget to locate your city and provide the accurate weather information for you.  Approximate location (network-based) The permission is for Solo   Weather widget to locate your city and provide the accurate weather information   for you.    Camera Take pictures and videos  Torch is a popular feature in Solo Launcher. We developed it by controlling the camera flashlight of phone. This requires the camera permission. Solo Launcher does not take photos or videos by itself.  Wi-Fi connection information View Wi-Fi connections  The permission is for controlling Wi-Fi switch  so that you can easily turn on and off the WLAN.  Device ID & call information Read phone status and identity  Device ID & call information Read phone status and identity    We use this information to evaluate the effects of our various promotion methods and improve our service. E.g. determine which language should be supported in Solo Launcher.  Other adjust your wallpaper size read Home settings and shortcuts receive data from Internet set wallpaper control vibration expand/collapse status bar full network access view network connections close other apps disable your screen lock connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi prevent device from sleeping modify system settings pair with Bluetooth devices access Bluetooth settings send sticky broadcast install shortcuts set an alarm control flashlight run at startup draw over other apps change network connectivity  Sensitive Information We ask that you not send us  and you not disclose  any sensitive Personal Information (e.g.  information related to racial or ethnic origin  political opinions  religion or other beliefs  health  sexual orientation  criminal background or membership in past organizations  including trade union memberships) on or through an Application  the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.  For any suggestion  feedback or request  please head over to our\ \ Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/sololauncheror email us at:Solo.launcher.dev@gmail.com\ \ \xA9 2016 NewBornTown. ALL Rights Reserved  