 WordsMobile Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy will be effective from July 15th 2014.  'Introduction: WordsMobile Studio (we  us  our  or Company) knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared  and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about how we use your personal information. By visiting  accessing or using the http://www.words-mobile.com website and domain name  and any other linked pages  features  content  or application services offered from time to time by Company in connection therewith  or using any of our services or mobile applications (collectively  the Services)  you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.'  'Information we collect and how we collect it: Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Service  to administer and assist you in administering your Account on the Service  and to provide you with a better experience with the Service. We store and process information in the United States.'  Personal Information and Non-Personal Information WordsMobile may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service. Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual  including  but not limited to  an individual's name  phone number  credit card or other billing information  email address and home address. This Privacy Policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate or anonymous information. In this Privacy Policy  we refer to all information collected from or about you  including personal information and non-personal information  as Your Information. Use of Applications When you launch any of our applications  we collect information regarding your device type  operating system and version  carrier provider  IP address  Media Access Control (MAC) address  International Equipment Mobile ID (IMEI)  whether you are using a point package  the game version  the device's geo-location  language settings  and unique device ID. In addition  we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your Account profile information to enable us to move Your Information to a new device at your request. In addition  it may be used to link a character with which you play our games to your username on the Forums. When you play our games  we also collect information about your play and interaction with other users and the Service.  Personal information is information that specifically identifies   an individual  including  but not limited to  an individual's name  phone number    credit card or other billing information  email address and home address.    When you launch any of our applications  we collect information   regarding your device type  operating system and version  carrier provider    IP address  Media Access Control (MAC) address  International Equipment Mobile   ID (IMEI)  whether you are using a point package  the game version  the device's   geo-location  language settings  and unique device ID.    WordsMobile may collect personal and non-personal information from   you when you use the Service.    Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our Services may also use other technologies  and those practices are subject to those companies' own policies.  'How We Use the Information We Collect: The main use of the information we collect and store is to provide a better gaming experience  but there are other uses as well. One important use of your information is communication. If you have provided your e-mail address to WordsMobile  we will use it to respond to customer support inquiries  and keep you informed of your in-game activity.'  If you have provided your e-mail address to WordsMobile  we will   use it to respond to customer support inquiries  and keep you informed of your   in-game activity.    'Contacting Us: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  please contact us at contact@words-mobile.com.'  