 Privacy Policy City Games LLC's Privacy Policy is designed to provide clarity about the information we collect and how we use it to provide a better mobile gaming experience. By visiting  accessing or using the http://www.citygamesllc.com website and domain name  and any other linked pages  features  content  or application services offered from time to time by Company in connection therewith  or using any of our services or mobile applications (collectively  the Services)  you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy  please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Service.  '[1] Information We Collect and Use: The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as answering questions  improving the content of the Services  customizing the advertising and content you see  and communicating with you about Company''s products and services  including specials and new features.'  'Personal Information You Provide to Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Services or provide to us in any other way  including via any third party site or service through which you authorize us to access your information (e.g.  Facebook). The types of Personal Information collected in this fashion may include but not limited to  an individual''s name  phone number  credit card or other billing information  email address and home address. This Privacy Policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate or anonymous information. In this Privacy Policy  we refer to all information collected from or about you  including personal information and non-personal information  as Your Information. Use of Applications: When you launch any of our applications  we collect information regarding your device type  operating system and version  carrier provider  IP address  Media Access Control (MAC) address  International Equipment Mobile ID (IMEI)  whether you are using a point package  the game version  the device''s geo-location  language settings  and unique device ID. In addition  we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your Account profile information to enable us to move Your Information to a new device at your request. In addition  it may be used to link a character with which you play our games to your username on the Forums. When you play our games  we also collect information about your play and interaction with other users and the Service.'  The types of Personal Information collected in this fashion may   include but not limited to  an individual's name  phone number  credit card   or other billing information  email address and home address.    We receive and store any information you enter on our Services   or provide to us in any other way  including via any third party site or service   through which you authorize us to access your information (e.g.  Facebook ).    When you launch any of our applications  we collect information   regarding your device type  operating system and version  carrier provider    IP address  Media Access Control (MAC) address  International Equipment Mobile   ID (IMEI)  whether you are using a point package  the game version  the device's   geo-location  language settings  and unique device ID.    '[2] Changes to Our Privacy Policy: If we decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy  we will notify you and other users by placing a notice on citygamesllc.com. We may supplement this process by placing notices in our games. You should periodically check this privacy page for updates.'  '[3] Contacting Us: If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Services  please send us a detailed message at support@citygamellc.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.'  