 ColorNote - Best Notepad & Notes App ColorNote Feature Overview Download Company About Us Blog Support Getting Started FAQ Suggestion Contact Us Translate  FacebookYouTube ColorNote Feature Overview Download Company About Us Blog Support Getting Started FAQ Suggestion Contact Us Translate  Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting  using  and disclosing your information. Users access the ColorNote service (Service) through the application  through APIs  and through third-parties. A Device is any computer used to access the ColorNote Service  including without limitation a desktop  laptop  mobile phone  tablet  or other consumer electronic device. This Privacy Policy governs your access of the ColorNote Service  regardless of how you access it  and by using our Service you consent to the collection  transfer  processing  storage  disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. All of the different forms of data  content  and information described below are collectively referred to as information.  '1. The Information We Collect And Store We may collect and store the following information when running the ColorNote Service: Information You Provide. When you register for an account  we collect some Personal Information  such as your name and email address. You may also ask us to import your contacts by giving us access to your third party services (for example  your email account) or to use your social networking information if you give us access to your account on social network connection services. You may also provide us with your contacts'' email addresses when sharing folders or files with them. We may also receive Personal Information (for example  your email address) through other users  for example if they have tried to share something with you.'  'The Information We Collect And Store We may collect and store   the following information when running the ColorNote Service:'    'The Information We Collect And Store We may collect and store   the following information when running the ColorNote Service: Information You   Provide.'    When you register for an account  we collect some Personal Information    such as your name and email address.    You may also ask us to import your contacts by giving us access   to your third party services (for example  your email account) or to use your   social networking information if you give us access to your account on social   network connection services.    You may also provide us with your contacts' email addresses when   sharing folders or files with them.    Your Data. We collect and store data you upload  download  or access with the Service (Data).  We collect and store data you upload  download  or access with   the Service (Data).    Your Data.    Log Data. When you use the Service  we automatically record information from your Device  its software  and your activity using the Service. This may include the Device's Internet Protocol (IP) address  information you search for through the Service  locale preferences  identification numbers associated with your Devices  your mobile carrier  date and time stamps  system configuration information  and other interactions with the Service.  Log Data.    This may include the Device's Internet Protocol (IP) address    information you search for through the Service  locale preferences  identification   numbers associated with your Devices  your mobile carrier  date and time stamps    system configuration information  and other interactions with the Service.    When you use the Service  we automatically record information from   your Device  its software  and your activity using the Service.    Cookies. We also use cookies to collect information and improve our Service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device. We may use persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Service. We may use session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Service  to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser  by changing its options  to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies  however  you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service.  A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device.    If you do not accept cookies  however  you may not be able to use   all aspects of the Service.    We also use cookies to collect information and improve our Service.    We may use persistent cookies to save your registration ID and   login password for future logins to the Service.    We may use session ID cookies to enable certain features of the   Service  to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor   aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service.    You can instruct your browser  by changing its options  to stop   accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites   you visit.    '2. How We Use Personal Information Personal Information. In the course of using the Service  we may collect personal information that can be used to contact or identify you (Personal Information). Personal Information is or may be used: (i) to provide and improve our Service  (ii) to administer your use of the Service  (iii) to better understand your needs and interests  (iv) to personalize and improve your experience  and (v) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements. If we communicate with you  and you no longer wish to receive communications from us  please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of those communications  or update your settings information.'  Geo-Location Information. Some Devices allow applications to access real-time location-based information (for example  GPS). Our mobile application does not collect such information from your mobile device at any time while you download or use our mobile apps as of the date this policy went into effect  but may do so in the future with your consent to improve our Service.  Geo-Location Information.    Our mobile application does not collect such information from your   mobile device at any time while you download or use our mobile apps as of the   date this policy went into effect  but may do so in the future with your consent   to improve our Service.    Some Devices allow applications to access real-time location-based   information (for example  GPS).    Analytics. We also collect some information (ourselves or using third party services) using logging and cookies  such as IP address  which can sometimes be correlated with personal information. We use this information for the above purposes and to monitor and analyze use of the Service  for the Service's technical administration  to increase our Service's functionality and user-friendliness  and to verify users have the authorization needed for the Service to process their requests.  We also collect some information (ourselves or using third party   services) using logging and cookies  such as IP address  which can sometimes   be correlated with personal information.    3. Information Sharing and Disclosure Use. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may also share or disclose your information with your consent  for example if you use a third party application to access your account (see below). Through certain features of the Service  you may also have the ability to make some of your information public.  We may also share or disclose your information with your consent    for example if you use a third party application to access your account (see   below).    Service Providers  Business Partners and Others. We may use certain trusted third party companies and individuals to help us provide  analyze  and improve the Service (including but not limited to data storage  maintenance services  database management  web analytics  and improvement of the Service's features). These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy.  Third-Party Applications. We may share your information with a third party application with your consent  for example when you choose to access our Service through such an application. We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information  so you should make sure you trust the application and that it has a privacy policy acceptable to you.  Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of ColorNote's Rights. We may disclose to parties outside ColorNote Data and information about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with a law  regulation or compulsory legal request; (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of ColorNote or its users; or (d) to protect ColorNote's property rights.  Business Transfers. If we are involved in a merger  acquisition  or sale of all or a portion of our assets  your information may be transferred as part of that transaction  but we will notify you (for example  via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your Personal Information or Data  or if either become subject to a different Privacy Policy. We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the information.  Non-Private or Non-Personal Information. We may disclose your non-private  aggregated  or otherwise non-personal information  such as usage statistics of our Service.  4. Changing or Deleting Your Information If you are a registered user  you may review  update  correct or delete the Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by changing your account settings. If your personally identifiable information changes  or if you no longer desire our Service  you may update or delete it by making the change on your account settings. In some cases we may retain copies of your information if required by law. For questions about your Personal Information on our Service  please contact support@socialnmobile.com. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days.  5. Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations  resolve disputes  and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these requirements  we will try to delete your information quickly upon request. Please note  however  that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion. In addition  we do not delete from our servers files that you have in common with other users.  6. Security The security of your information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms  we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).  We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us  both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure  however. Therefore  we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  7. Our Policy Toward Children Our Service is not directed to persons under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent  he or she should contact us at support@socialnmobile.com If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information  we will take steps to delete such information from our files.  8. Changes to our Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we make a change to this privacy policy that we believe materially reduces your rights  we will provide you with notice (for example  by email). And we may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well. By continuing to use the Service after those changes become effective  you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.  Last updated May 04  2016 ColorNote Feature Overview Download Company\ \ About Us Blog Support Getting Started FAQ Suggestion Contact Us Legal Privacy\ \ Policy Terms of Service \xA9 2016 Social & Mobile  Inc. All Rights Reserved  