 Stations Stations Specials Specials My Music My Music Search  Join Now Upgrade Log in Sign Up Search CANCEL Download App See All Results Why Are There Ads in Your Music? Simple! Slacker Radio needs to pay your favorite artists.  Please disable your ad blocker or  better yet  upgrade to Radio Plus.  For only $3.99/month we'll remove all ads and give you unlimited song skips.  The music will continue in seconds.  Select to cast music to your TV or stereo Loading Station...  Searching for installed app...  Please download the Slacker Radio app to complete the upgrade process.  GET APP Please visit www.slacker.com from a computer to upgrade your Slacker Radio account.  Listen to now in your mobile browser.  CLICK HERE Or get the Slacker Radio App to play this station -- and hundreds more!  Get the Slacker Radio App for the best experience on your device!  GET APP We can't find the app on your device. Download the free Slacker Radio app and listen as long as you like.  GET APP You hit the song limit on mobile web. Download the free Slacker Radio app and listen as long as you like.  GET APP Please visit www.slacker.com from a computer to continue to enjoy Slacker Radio.  Are You Still Listening Sorry to interrupt -- we wanted to confirm you're still listening. You can reduce these interruptions by creating a free Slacker account.  Create Account Keep Listening No  there's nothing wrong with your ears. We just stopped the music because you haven't touched the player in a while.  Keep Listening Hey  you haven't touched the player in a while. You still there?  Keep Listening Whoa  are you in two places at once? Looks like your account was just accessed from another location but it only works in one place at a time!  Keep Listening Whoa  are you in two places at once?    Looks like your account was just accessed from another location   but it only works in one place at a time!    Continue Your browser is not supported by the Slacker Radio web site.  'Update your browser to the latest available version to use the Slacker Radio web site: Google Chrome Firefox An error has occurred. Please check your username and password.'  Need an account? Sign up Login using Google Login using Facebook email address Hi! Is this you? password (6-16 Characters) SHOW SHOW Forgot Password? We'll start the music back up once you go through this security check.  Sign up Login using Google Login using Facebook email address    Enter letters below security code Continue Password Reset Enter your email address and we'll email directions on how to reset your password.  Enter letters below security code Continue Password Reset Enter   your email address and we'll email directions on how to reset your password.    You cannot reset your password without your email address.  You cannot reset your password without your email address.    email address Submit CANCEL CLOSE Have an account? Log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Facebook email address Password (6-16 Characters) SHOW SHOW birth year (YYYY) Male Female Other  'By creating an account  you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy CREATE ACCOUNT CANCEL Feedback Email: How can we make your Slacker Radio experience better? Slacker News updates on Slacker Radio.'  Want more news? Less news? No news? Manage News Not now Choose the Right Membership For You Basic FREE Personalize your radio experience. Choose from our hand-crafted stations Skip up to 6 songs per hour/station Listen on multiple devices Create stations based on artists  albums  or songs Personalize stations and save your preferences  Join Now current membership Plus $3.99/month Personalized radio with no interruptions or limits. Enjoy an ad-free experience Skip unlimited songs Download stations and shows to listen data-free on your mobile device Customize ESPN Radio (a Slacker exclusive) Hear maximum audio quality (320kbps)  Check It Out current membership Premium $9.99/month You're in total control of the ultimate listening experience. Play thousands of songs and albums on-demand Jump to the favorite parts of songs Download playlists and albums and listen data-free on your mobile device Create playlists from our massive library of songs Along with all benefits of Plus membership  Check It Out current membership CLOSE Slacker  Inc. Privacy Policy Slacker  Inc. (Slacker) understands that it is a privilege to have you as a customer and is committed to protecting your Personal Information and safeguarding your privacy over the Internet.  This Privacy Policy explains how we may collect  use  and disclose your Personal Information and other information through the Slacker Products and Services.  The Slacker Products and Services is defined as Slacker.com  associated mobile applications  software  and Internet services under our control  whether partial or otherwise  in connection with providing a platform for Slacker's services.  'We consider Personal Information to include information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify  contact  or locate you  such as: name  address  email address  or phone number. We do not consider Personal Information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual.'  'We consider Personal Information to include information that   alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify    contact  or locate you  such as: name  address  email address  or phone number.'    Other Websites and Pages. When you navigate away from the Slacker Products and Services to websites or apps controlled by third parties  you leave the Slacker Products and Services  at which point this Privacy Policy no longer applies. You will not receive a notice warning when you leave the Slacker Products and Services. Please visit the privacy policies of these third-party websites and apps to learn their privacy policies and data collection practices.  'Our Privacy Policy can be summarized as follows: We may collect and share aggregate demographic or statistical information that is not personally identifiable at our discretion.'  We may collect and share aggregate demographic or statistical information   that is not personally identifiable at our discretion.    We do not collect Personal Information from children we know to be under the age of 13  and no part of our Website is directed to children under the age of 13.  If you access Slacker Products and Services directly from a partner website  we may share your information with that partner. Other than this use  we do not share your Personal Information unless we have your permission or as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.  What kind of information do we collect? Personal Information. We collect Personal Information when you create an account to use the Slacker Products and Services  such as your name  email address  username  password  and billing and credit card information.  We collect Personal Information when you create an account to use   the Slacker Products and Services  such as your name  email address  username    password  and billing and credit card information.    You may also register by using your Facebook log-in credentials. When you log in with your Facebook credentials  we collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available in Facebook  such as your name and profile picture and use that information to register with Slacker. We may also obtain other information with your permission  such as your gender and date of birth. You control what information is shared from your Facebook profile by adjusting your Facebook privacy settings.  When you log in with your Facebook credentials  we collect the   Personal Information you have made publicly available in Facebook  such as your   name and profile picture and use that information to register with Slacker.    You may also register by using your Facebook log-in credentials.    We may collect Personal Information when you subscribe to the Slacker newsletter  participate in forum discussions  or when you enter events  such as sweepstakes or contests.  We may collect Personal Information when you subscribe to the Slacker   newsletter  participate in forum discussions  or when you enter events  such   as sweepstakes or contests.    The Slacker Products and Services may collect and store your location information if you enable your computer or mobile device to send it to us. Changing the settings on your computer or mobile device may prevent this data collection.  The Slacker Products and Services may collect and store your location   information if you enable your computer or mobile device to send it to us.    We do not collect Personal Information from children we know to be under the age of 13.  'Non-Personal Information. We may collect Non-Personal Information when you create an account  such as year of birth  gender  and postal code. We also collect demographic information  such as your country  in several other ways. We also collect anonymous statistical user and browser information through the Slacker Products and Services users  including: (1) the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the user''s computer  (2) the websites from which people visit the Slacker Products and Services  if any  and/or (3) the brand and version of the user''s browser software.'  'We also collect anonymous statistical user and browser information   through the Slacker Products and Services users  including:'    We also collect demographic information  such as your country    in several other ways.    We may collect Non-Personal Information when you create an account    such as year of birth  gender  and postal code.    the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the user's computer    How do we collect information? We collect the information you enter into the Slacker Products and Services.  When you use Slacker Products and Services  we and our third-party service providers also receive and record information on our server logs from your browser  including your IP address  and from cookies  web beacons  and similar technology. Cookies are small text files that we place in visitors' computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However  if you block our cookies  the Slacker Products and Services may not work properly.  When you use Slacker Products and Services  we and our third-party   service providers also receive and record information on our server logs from   your browser  including your IP address  and from cookies  web beacons  and   similar technology.    'How do we use the information collected? Slacker uses the information collected to: Process transactions for Slacker Products Services. We may verify authorization of credit card usage before you may access Slacker Products and Services; Communicate with you concerning your account and any customer service issues; Verify access rights to restricted services  including for the purpose of supporting digital-rights management software; Improve Slacker Products and Services by providing personalized content recommendations  language and location customization  and personalized help and instructions; Determine if you meet the minimum computer system compatibility requirements to use the Slacker Products and Services and provide to you information to improve compatibility; Track when you access and download content for the purpose of paying royalties and license fees to third-party providers  such as record labels and other copyright holders and content distributors; Ask you to participate in surveys about Slacker Products and Services  news  and events; Offer you Slacker Products and Services for you to purchase; Automatically update downloaded Slacker Products and Services; Provide you with news  newsletters  updates  targeted advertising  promotions  and special offers; Better understand how Slacker Products and Services are used  including Web-traffic patterns and content-preference analysis; and Analyze trends and statistics  and for federal export law compliance  when required.'  How do we use the information collected?    'Slacker uses the information collected to: Process transactions   for Slacker Products Services.'    We may verify authorization of credit card usage before you may   access Slacker Products and Services; Communicate with you concerning your account   and any customer service issues; Verify access rights to restricted services    including for the purpose of supporting digital-rights management software;   Improve Slacker Products and Services by providing personalized content recommendations    language and location customization    Direct Marketing. We do not rent  sell  or share Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for direct marketing purposes. We may allow access to other data collected by the Slacker Products and Services to enable the delivery of direct marketing and offers that will be of greatest utility  relevance  value  and interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies  click here.  'Communications. If you have chosen to receive emails  we generally send emails to you about Slacker Products and Services  content  and special offers. During registration  you may opt-out of receiving our marketing emails and/or newsletters  or you can change your settings at any time through the other methods set forth in this Privacy Policy. However  we may continue to send you emails about: Slacker Products and Services you have previously purchased; Your account status or other information concerning functions  features and status of your Slacker Products and Services; or Critical technical-service issues relating to the Slacker Products and Services.'  What information do we share with third parties? Unless otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy  Slacker does not sell  rent  or share your Personal Information with third party partners or content services without your consent.  Content Providers. Slacker may be required to provide specific access and usage information to content providers and rights holders as a condition of content licensing and royalty agreements. In such cases  Slacker may provide content access and usage  user demographic  and other information that does not include your Personal Information to the content provider.  Social Networking and Other Websites. When you use the Slacker Products and Services  you may share Personal Information with social networking websites  such as Facebook. We do not share information with them unless you direct the Slacker Products and Services to share it. Their use of the information will be governed by their privacy policies  and you may be able to modify your privacy settings on their websites.  When you use the Slacker Products and Services  you may share Personal   Information with social networking websites  such as Facebook.    Anonymous Statistics. We may share anonymous Slacker Products and Services usage information for the purpose of measuring the effectiveness of affiliate programs. None of such information shared is Personal Information.  Vendors and Suppliers. The Slacker Products and Services use Personal Information for internal and service-related purposes only and may provide it to third parties to allow Slacker to offer the Slacker Products and Services  including credit card processing. Slacker vendors and suppliers are bound by strict contractual requirements to keep all Personal Information they receive strictly confidential and to use and process such information solely on behalf of Slacker.  'As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures. We may access  preserve  and disclose your Personal Information  other account information  and content if we believe doing so is required by law or if those actions are reasonably necessary to: comply with legal process  such as a court order or subpoena; enforce this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use; respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; respond to your requests for customer service; respond to law enforcement; investigate and prevent unauthorized transactions or other illegal activities; or protect our or others'' rights  property  or personal safety.'  Merger  Sale  or Other Asset Transfers. We may disclose information we possess about you as part of a merger  acquisition  sale of company assets  or transition of service to another provider  as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency  bankruptcy  or receivership in which your Personal Information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. We do not guarantee that any entity receiving such information in connection with one of these transactions will comply with all terms of this Privacy Policy.  'How do we keep your information secure? Slacker understands that it is a privilege to have you as a customer and takes steps to protect your Personal Information. We use the following controls to protect your Personal Information: Use SSL to safeguard information when transmitted from your Web browser to Slacker; Encrypt sensitive Personal Information  such as credit card numbers and user names; Restrict employee access to databases containing Personal Information and impose confidentiality requirements upon employees who do; and Bind third-party vendors and suppliers with contractual  technical  and organizational measures to protect your Personal Information.'  Although we do take (and require our third-party providers to take) security precautions regarding your Personal Information  due to the open nature of the Internet  we cannot guarantee that any of your Personal Information stored on our servers  or transmitted to or from a user  will be free from unauthorized access. We disclaim any liability for any theft or loss of  unauthorized access or damage to  or interception of any data or communications. By using the Slacker Products and Services  you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.  'How can you access and update your personal information? To access your account information and preferences  select Manage Account from a link or menus on either the Internet at www.slacker.com or the Slacker software. When you access your account  you can update your account information to make it accurate. You can also manage your preferences for receiving newsletters and promotional emails. If you have forgotten your username or password  you can use our online support resources here: Slacker Support.'  What if you are located in a different country? By choosing to use the Slacker Products and Services or otherwise provide information to us  you agree that any dispute over privacy or this Privacy Policy will be governed by California law.  Slacker may process Personal Information on computers located outside of your state  province  country  or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. We will use our best efforts to use and process your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use  please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States to us. By providing your Personal Information you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with us or the Slacker Products and Services in accordance with the Terms of Use.  What if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy?  If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy  please do not use the Slacker Website or the Slacker Services.  What if you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy?  If you have questions about the privacy aspects of the Slacker Products and Services or would like to make a complaint  please contact Slacker  Inc.  'Attn: Chief Legal Officer 16935 W. Bernardo Drive  Suite 270 San Diego  CA 92127 858.943-5000 858.943.5001 (fax) Changes to our Privacy Policy.'  We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do  changes will be reflected in this document so you are always aware of how we may collect  use  or disclose your information. If we decide to use Personal Information different from that stated at the time we collected it  we will notify you by email. You may decide whether or not we may use your information in this different manner. If you do not consent to this different use  we will use the information in accordance with the privacy policy in place when we collected the information. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy when you visit the Slacker Website.  Last modified: May 25  2012 Listen Now | About Slacker Radio | On\ \ Your Phone | At Home | In the Car Advertise on Slacker | Art & Assets | Privacy\ \ Policy | Terms of Service | Blog | Support Copyright \xA9 Slacker Radio ANNOUNCE\ \ ME LEAVE ROOM CLOSE ROOM INVITE FRIENDS FINE TUNE Loading Sliders...  MANAGE NEWS UPDATES GUESTS CHAT  'WHO''s WHO Some User C''Mon...you must have SOME friends you could invite?! Some User Some UserSample Msg SEND Advertisement Next: Upgrade now for ad free listening and unlimited song skips.'  Upgrade ......................  '......................'  'Advertisement Next: Upgrade now for ad free listening and unlimited song skips.'  Upgrade Download App LIVE STREAM...  SOCIAL RADIO STREAM...  LIVE STREAM...  Casting to toggle  