 'Privacy Policy BitMango Corporation Privacy Policy # Data The following Privacy Policy applies to all games of BitMango as well as all related services.'  We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser)  web beacons  or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your browser  operating system and IP address.  Our systems also log information like your browser  operating system   and IP address.    We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser)    web beacons  or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer   or device so we can deliver a better experience.    We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us  such as your name  address  phone number or email address. With your permission  we may also access other personal information on your device  such as your phone book  calendar or messages  in order to provide services to you. If authorized by you  we may also access profile and other information from social network services like Facebook.  If authorized by you  we may also access profile and other information   from social network services like Facebook.    We also may collect personally identifiable information that you   provide to us  such as your name  address  phone number or email address.    With your permission  we may also access other personal information   on your device  such as your phone book  calendar or messages  in order to provide   services to you.    Our systems are not designed to associate personal information with your activities (such as the pages you view or things you click on or search for).  We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information  please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.  '# Location To customize our services for you  we and our partners may collect  use  and share precise location data  including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used only to provide and improve our service. We may obtain your consent on your first use of the service.'  To customize our services for you  we and our partners may collect    use  and share precise location data  including the real-time geographic location   of your computer or device.    '# Sharing We generally do not share personally identifiable information (such as name  address  email or phone) with other companies unless approved by you.'  '# Ad Tracking Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device  but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices: - Apple: http://www.apple.com/privacy/ - Google: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ - Tapjoy: http://info.tapjoy.com/about-tapjoy/privacy-policy/?lang=ko - Chartboost: https://help.chartboost.com/legal/privacy # Vendors Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. Click to see company privacy policies that govern their use of data.'  Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP   address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used.    Interest and location data may be linked to your device  but is   not linked to your identity.    '# Security We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However  no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.'  Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.  '# Special To operate the service  we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent  (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law  (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property  or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger  acquisition  liquidation  dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases  but we will attempt to notify you  to the extent permitted by law to do so.'  '# More Our privacy policy may change from time to time. When we do  we will revise the last updated date at the bottom of the privacy statement. We will obtain your opt-in consent for any updates to this Privacy Policy that materially expand the sharing or use of your personal information in ways not disclosed in this Privacy Policy at the time of collection.'  '# Contact If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies  please contact us: - Email: contact@bitmango.com - Address: 5th Floor  Uniquest Building  314  Hwangsaeul-ro  Bundang-gu  Seongnam-si  Gyeonggi-do  Korea  13591'  Our systems also does not log information like your browser  operating system and IP address.  Our systems also does not log information like your browser  operating   system and IP address.    We may also not access profile and other information from social network services like Facebook.  We may also not access profile and other information from social   network services like Facebook.    We do not use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser)  SDKs  web beacons  or unique device identifiers.  We do not use technologies like cookies (small files stored by   your browser)  SDKs  web beacons  or unique device identifiers.    Interest and location data aren't linked to your device nor to your identity.  Interest and location data aren't linked to your device nor to   your identity.    You will never provide personally identifiable information  such as your name  address  phone number or email address.  You will never provide personally identifiable information  such   as your name  address  phone number or email address.    To customize our services for you it is not necessary that we and our partners collect  use  and share precise location data  including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device.  To customize our services for you it is not necessary that we and   our partners collect  use  and share precise location data  including the real-time   geographic location of your computer or device.    Analytics companies don't access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID).  Analytics companies don't access anonymous data (such as your IP   address or device ID).    