 App of the Day - Privacy policy AppTurbo  the editor of the application  is involving to protect the privacy rights of our users (users or you). This privacy policy (the policy) describes the ways we collect  store  use  and manage the information  including personal information  that you provide or we collect in connection with our mobile application App of the Day (application or service). Please note that the scope of this policy is limited to information collected or received by us through your use of the service. We are not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies  the content of their sites  the use of information you provide to them  or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of  or affiliation with  those people or companies.  By using the service  you are expressing your agreement to this policy and the processing of your data  including your personal information  in the manner provided in this policy. If you do not agree to these terms  please do not use the service.  If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy or practices  please contact us at privacy@appturbo.it.  Information collection We collects information as described below. AppTurbo's primary goals in collecting and using information is to provide services to you  improve our service  contact you  conduct research and create reports for internal use. We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.  Push notifications This application may send push notifications to you.  You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.  Facebook Authentification By registering or authenticating  you allow us to identify you and give you access to dedicated services.  By registering or authenticating  you allow us to identify you   and give you access to dedicated services.    Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook  Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.  Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service   provided by Facebook  Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.    We are able to access some data  stored by Facebook  for registration or identification purposes.  We are able to access some data  stored by Facebook  for registration   or identification purposes.    In addition  we may collect and record information through Facebook in accordance with the policies and terms of Facebook. For more information  you can access to their Privacy Policy here.  For more information  you can access to their Privacy Policy here.    In addition  we may collect and record information through Facebook   in accordance with the policies and terms of Facebook.    If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about you  please contact us at privacy@appturbo.it.  If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook about   you  please contact us at privacy@appturbo.it.    Data collection Whenever you use our application  we collect data about all of your interactions with the application via server log files. This information may be associated with your advertising Id (Google Advertising Id) for the purpose of providing you our services and improving them. This data is stored within Amazon Web Services.  This information may be associated with your advertising Id (Google   Advertising Id) for the purpose of providing you our services and improving   them.    Whenever you use our application  we collect data about all of   your interactions with the application via server log files.    Location-based interaction We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you location-based services. We will not share this information with any third party. The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous. Please note  the application may not work properly if we are unable to tell where you are coming from (Country specific).  We may collect your location based information for the purpose   of providing you location-based services.    We will not share this information with any third party.    Third party Services Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers  that include Google Analytics  Facebook Analytics for Apps and Crashlytics. Such third parties may use cookies  APIs  and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier  MAC address  IMEI  locale (specific location where a given language is spoken)  geo-location information  and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.  Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service   providers  that include Google Analytics  Facebook Analytics for Apps and Crashlytics.    Such third parties may use cookies  APIs  and SDKs in our services   to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf.    The third parties may have access to information such as your device   identifier  MAC address  IMEI  locale (specific location where a given language   is spoken)  geo-location information  and IP address for the purpose of providing   their services under their respective privacy policies.    For operation and maintenance purposes  this application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other personal data (such as IP Address).  For operation and maintenance purposes  this application and any   third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application   (System logs) or use for this purpose other personal data (such as IP Address).    Social media Our application includes social media features  such as the Facebook Like button and widgets  such as the Share button. These Features may collect your IP address and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our application. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.  Our application includes social media features  such as the Facebook   Like button and widgets  such as the Share button.    These Features may collect your IP address and may set a cookie   to enable the feature to function properly    Ad network We may feature advertising within our service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you  such as your service session activity  or your Google advertising ID. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.  The advertisers may collect and use information about you  such   as your service session activity  or your Google advertising ID.    We may feature advertising within our service.    Personalized Advertising This application may use location data and personal information for ad serving purposes and don't share any of these data to third party services.  This application may use location data    for ad serving purposes and don't share any of these data to third   party services.    Legal action The user's personal data may be used for legal purposes by us  in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this application or the related services.  The user declares to be aware that we may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.  Changes to the policy We reserves the right to update this privacy policy at any time. If we make any material changes we will give notice to you on this page. We encourage you to review often this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  If you object to any of the changes to the policy  you must cease using this Application and can request that we remove your personal data at privacy@appturbo.it. Unless stated otherwise  the then-current privacy policy applies to all personal data than we has about you.  Acces to personnal information If your personal information changes  or if you no longer desire our service  you may correct  update  or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at privacy@appturbo.it.  Data retention We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services  or as stated by the purposes outlined in this document. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services  contact us at privacy@appturbo.it. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations  resolve disputes  and enforce our agreements.  Contact Information AppTurbo 38  rue des Jeuneurs 75002 Paris FRANCE If you have any questions about this Policy  or if you have any request about details concerning the collection or processing of personal data  please contact us at privacy@appturbo.it.  