 Home Our games Concept art gallery Comics About us  Select Page Home Our games Concept art gallery Comics About us  BOOLit entertainment Privacy Policy BOOLIT ENTERTAINMENT PRIVACY POLICY (Last update December 2016) Interest-Based Ads The option for our partners to display interest-based  or retargeted  ads (IBA) is enabled solely for the device IDs that have passed the age gate and have not opted out of IBA. By using our apps and not choosing one of the opt-out options  you give us consent to transfer your data as stated below.  The option for our partners to display interest-based  or retargeted    ads (IBA) is enabled solely for the device IDs that have passed the age gate   and have not opted out of IBA.    We will pass only the device-level data to our advertising partners (for example if a device has clicked on a sports ad within our apps) and they can reuse such data for targeted advertising. We allow our partners to serve targeted third party advertisements or other content. They may attach the information gathered from your device to info gathered from other apps  websites  or via other services  and then build profiles and transfer the info to another provider. For example we pass advertising IDs to FB and they match it with your FB ID  aggregate it and delete the initial identifier. By doing so the other provider may receive or gather information about you and use the information for displaying targeted ads. Advertisers may choose their audience by location  demographics  likes  keywords  age & gender  interests  behaviors  connections and any other information FB receives or infers about users. We cooperate with several providers of IBA  Facebook  MoPub  InMobi  Google (Adx)  Google (AdMob)  AppLovin and My.Com (Third Parties). When allowing Third Parties to conduct IBA we adhere to the DAA Principles available here http://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/principles.  Advertisers may choose their audience by location  demographics    likes  keywords  age & gender  interests  behaviors  connections and any other   information FB receives or infers about users.    By doing so the other provider may receive or gather information   about you and use the information for displaying targeted ads.    For example we pass advertising IDs to FB and they match it with   your FB ID  aggregate it and delete the initial identifier.    We cooperate with several providers of IBA  Facebook  MoPub  InMobi    Google (Adx)  Google (AdMob)  AppLovin and My.Com (Third Parties).    'You can opt out by choosing one of the following options (for more information please read the Opt Out Section of our Privacy Policy): MoPub http://www.mopub.com/optout/; FB https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads; InMobi http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/; AppLovin https://www.applovin.com/optout; Google (Adx) https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html; Google (AdMob) https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html; My.Com https://target.my.com/privacy/. Mailchimp https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.'  b) Turn on Limit Ad Tracking on your iOS device or Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads on your Android device  c) Choose Opt Out of IBA within the settings of our apps (where available).  As used in this Privacy Policy  \BOOLit entertainment\  \we\\   \us\ or \our\  \ours\ refers to BOOLit  \u017Diga Krmelj s.p.  registered\ \ at AJPES Celje branch  Gub\u010Deva 2  3000 Celje  Slovenia  with business address\ \ at Zgornje Gru\u0161ovlje 16a  3311 \u0160empeter  Slovenia.  'Any general questions? Please visit: http://www.boolit-entertainment.com/about-us/. Any privacy questions? Send us an e-mail to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com.'  This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated by reference into the End User License Agreement (the EULA) governing the use of all BOOLit entertainment branded software applications (the Application/s)  which may operate on any type of computing device (including without limitation  a mobile device)  and applies to your use of the Applications and/or http://www.boolit-entertainment.com and any other websites and/or URL which may replace it or which may be added to the list of websites published by us and linking to this Privacy Policy (the Website/s). This Privacy Policy covers how we collect  use  disclose  transfer and store information received about you and/or information received about your computing device through your use of the Applications or the Websites.  By agreeing to the EULA and/or using the Applications or the Websites  you specifically consent to the collection  use and disclosure of your information (including personal information) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may receive and/or you may be asked to provide your information (including personal information) any time you are in contact with us or use the Applications or the Websites. As described in greater detail below  we may share this information (including personal information) with our affiliates and with third party partners (as defined below) and use it in ways consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may also use your information (including personal information) together with other information to provide and improve products  services  content  and advertising.  'In addition to the general content of this Privacy Policy which is applicable to all Applications  some of the Applications have special clauses that apply just to them. Such Applications are: Power Level Warrior Power Level Warrior 2 Legends Within - Mini Edition Tilt planes vs. aliens Pit Runner Dragon Fly High OrBrix: brick smash Fortune Cards Fun (TAROT)'  Collection of Device and Technical Information We collect the data necessary for you to use our app and for us to maintain and analyze the functioning of the app  to personalize the content of the app  and to display contextual advertisements.  'We automatically obtain certain information about your computing device  including: IP address; Country code; IDFAs  IDFVs  Advertising IDs; Language; Locale (specific location where a given language is spoken); Time zone  session start/stop time '  'We automatically obtain certain information about your computing   device  including: IP address; Country code; IDFAs  IDFVs  Advertising IDs;   Language; Locale (specific location where a given language is spoken); Time   zone  session start/stop time  Network status (WiFi  etc.'    Network status (WiFi  etc.)  browser plug-in types and versions; User agent string (UA)  platform  SDK version  timestamp;  )  browser plug-in types and versions; User agent string (UA)    platform  SDK version  timestamp; Technical device information (e.g.    Technical device information (e.g. device model and name  operating system name and version  CPU information  storage size  screen size  firmware  software  mobile phone carrier  Internet service provider  API key identifier for application  International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android  Android ID  Android Serial No); Push notifications token; Player identifier string (we collect player identifier string only upon your sign in to Google Play Games Services or Apple's Game Center).  device model and name  operating system name and version  CPU\   \ information  storage size  screen size  firmware  software  mobile phone carrier \   \ Internet service provider  API key identifier for application  International\   \ Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android  Android ID  Android Serial No);\   \ Push notifications token; Player identifier string (we collect player identifier\   \ string only upon your sign in to Google Play Games Services or Apple\u2019\   s Game Center).    Although some of this information (such as IDFA  IDFV  Advertising ID  Android ID  IP address) may uniquely identify your device  this information does not identify you personally. Some legislation (such as US) may treat information that uniquely identifies your device as personal information.  Although some of this information (such as IDFA  IDFV  Advertising   ID  Android ID  IP address) may uniquely identify your device  this information   does not identify you personally.    Some legislation (such as US) may treat information that uniquely   identifies your device as personal information.    Older versions of our Applications may still obtain information such as UDID number and IMEI number on iOS. If you wish to prevent this  please update the Application with the latest version available on App Store.  Older versions of our Applications may still obtain information   such as UDID number and IMEI number on iOS.    'Collection of Advertising and Application Usage Information When you use the Applications or the Websites  we may collect additional information by using device identifiers in a form that does permit identification of your device. The information collected includes: Which advertisements are shown; Length of time an advertisement is visible and the size of the advertisement; Advertisement response (if any)  including clicks on ads; Angle of view; Application usage information  including in-game location; Website usage information; and Characteristics obtained by your use  such as data about pages of our Websites or Applications that were viewed during your visit  any actions or movements within the Websites or Applications and movements to/from the website from/to another website  date and time  page response times  download errors  length of visits to certain pages  page interaction information (such as scrolling  clicks  and mouse-overs).'  When you use the Applications or the Websites  we may collect additional   information by using device identifiers in a form that does permit identification   of your device.    Collection of Classical Personal Information We may also collect personally identifiable information about you (such as your name and surname  email address)  as well as non-personally identifiable information (such as age range and gender) that you provide us  by using our Applications  when you voluntarily register with BOOLit entertainment  request information using the Websites or contact us directly.  We may also collect personally identifiable information about you   (such as your name and surname  email address)  as well as non-personally identifiable   information (such as age range and gender) that you provide us  by using our   Applications  when you voluntarily register with BOOLit entertainment  request   information using the Websites or contact us directly.    We will only use the contact information you provide to us (for example  your name and email address) for the purpose for which you provided it to us. We will not share this data with third parties.  We will only use the contact information you provide to us (for   example  your name and email address) for the purpose for which you provided   it to us.    If you wish to delete your contact information that we received upon your specific email inquiry  please send an e-mail to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com and your e-mail will be deleted from our database.  If you wish to delete your contact information that we received   upon your specific email inquiry  please send an e-mail to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com   and your e-mail will be deleted from our database.    Sharing of Information Upon Your Request We access your social network profile if you allow us to for the purposes of using in-game features.  We access your social network profile if you allow us to for the   purposes of using in-game features.    Some of the Applications use third parties' services such as Google Play Games Services Sign-In  Apple's Game Center Sign In  Facebook  YouTube or Twitter Log In. You may also share the content you created within the Application on Google Play Games Services  Game Center or Facebook. By logging in to the Application using Third Party Social Network or by using the Application to share content on such Third Party Social Network  you are authorizing us to collect  store  and use any and all information  in accordance with this Privacy Policy  that you agreed that such third parties could provide to us through the Application Programming Interfaces (API). Your agreement takes place when you accept or allow (or similar terms) one of our applications on such Third Party Social Networks. The information you allow us to access varies by Application  and it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish on those Third Party Social Networks. You can control and find out more about these settings at Facebook  Google Play Games Services and Game Center. These third party sites are governed by their own privacy policies and end user agreements and we are not responsible for  and have no control over  the sharing practices or policies of the third parties that operate those sites. For additional questions you can contact us at boolit.entertainment@gmail.com.  By logging in to the Application using Third Party Social Network   or by using the Application to share content on such Third Party Social Network    you are authorizing us to collect  store  and use any and all information  in   accordance with this Privacy Policy  that you agreed that such third parties   could provide to us through the Application Programming Interfaces (API).    Some of the Applications use third parties' services such as Google   Play Games Services Sign-In  Apple's Game Center Sign In  Facebook  YouTube   or Twitter Log In.    The information you allow us to access varies by Application  and   it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish on those   Third Party Social Networks.    You may also share the content you created within the Application   on Google Play Games Services  Game Center or Facebook.    Your agreement takes place when you accept or allow (or similar   terms) one of our applications on such Third Party Social Networks.    'We may access and store some or all of the following information  as allowed by you  Third Party Social Networks and your preferences: (i) your basic information from your profile  such as your name  surname  email address  login ID  player identifier string; (ii) your photos and videos. The Application may further ask you to allow us to (i) post on such Third Party Social Networks on your behalf (e.g. photos  e-cards  videos and status updates) and to (ii) manage your notifications (access your notifications and mark them as read). Please keep in mind that we will only do that if specifically directed by you and we will store ID and your full name for the purposes of user identification. Other information will be merely stored within the Application on your device so that the Application will be able to communicate with Third Party Social Network directly; Voice recordings from Applications are also only being collected and stored within the Applications upon your request.'  Other information will be merely stored within the Application   on your device so that the Application will be able to communicate with Third   Party Social Network directly; Voice recordings from Applications are also only   being collected and stored within the Applications upon your request.    Please keep in mind that we will only do that if specifically directed   by you and we will store ID and your full name for the purposes of user identification.    The Application may further ask you to allow us to (i) post on   such Third Party Social Networks on your behalf (e.g.    'We may access and store some or all of the following information    as allowed by you  Third Party Social Networks and your preferences: (i) your   basic information from your profile  such as your name  surname  email address    login ID  player identifier string; (ii) your photos and videos.'    photos  e-cards  videos and status updates) and to (ii) manage   your notifications (access your notifications and mark them as read).    Consent to Public Display of Data upon your acceptance We may publicly display your data when you participate in game related activities for the purposes of user identification.  If you use Third Party Social Networks to participate in game related activities  including but not limited to participation in leader boards  multi-player games or the downloading and uploading of content  BOOLit entertainment and its affiliates may also collect  use  store  transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play (including scores  rankings and achievements)  or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players. Data that personally identifies you is collected  used  stored and transmitted in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  'Privacy specifics of certain Applications For the Power Level Warrior  Power Level Warrior 2  Legends Within - Mini Edition  Tilt planes vs. aliens  Pit Runner  Dragon Fly High  OrBrix: brick smash and Fortune Cards Fun (TAROT)  we collect statistical data about the gameplay. Such data includes  for example: how often and for how long users play with the App  how many points they score during a run  their score multiplier  how many levels and action points they achieve or gather  with which character they play  clicks on different menus  etc.'  Collection of Data Log Files We do not collect data log files.  Our Use of Cookies and Related Technologies We use cookies on our websites for conducting internal analysis about the usage of websites in order to make them more appealing. Apps may contain cookie-like technology  but only for the purposes of displaying advertisements and conducting analysis to improve our services.  Apps may contain cookie-like technology    Apps may contain cookie-like technology  but only for the purposes   of displaying advertisements and conducting analysis to improve our services.    We use cookies on our websites for conducting internal analysis   about the usage of websites in order to make them more appealing.    'For information about cookies and related technologies  please visit our Cookie & Advertising Policy available at: Websites: http://www.boolit-entertainment.com/cookies/ Our Use of Information We use the information we collect from you for delivering and promoting our services  internal analysis and research to improve the services and to display advertisements.'  'For information about cookies and related technologies  please   visit our Cookie & Advertising Policy available at: Websites: http://www.boolit-entertainment.com/cookies/   Our Use of Information We use the information we collect from you for delivering   and promoting our services  internal analysis and research to improve the services   and to display advertisements.'    You hereby allow BOOLit entertainment to collect  process and store the data as stated in this Privacy Policy.  'We use the information we collect about you/your computing device to deliver services to you and to operate our business. Such use by us and by our Partners may include: Delivering our services: developing  delivering and improving our products  services  and content  tailoring our products and services  providing software updates and product support  understanding and analyzing trends in connection with usage of the Applications and the Websites  administering the Applications and the Websites  and customer communications. For information that can be treated as personal information in some legislation  we use only device identifiers.'  For information that can be treated as personal information in   some legislation  we use only device identifiers.    'Such use by us and by our Partners may include:'    'Displaying advertisements: when you use our Applications or Websites we may display contextual advertisements and in order to do that we must use some of your device data  namely your advertising ID. For some territories  we may use the information for behavioral advertisements  but we will always follow accepted market practices and request your consent. For opting out from behavioral advertisements please visit Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy. Tracking for advertising purposes: For some Applications we may track installs through our tracking providers for the purposes of measuring our advertising campaign performance.'  'Displaying advertisements: when you use our Applications or Websites   we may display contextual advertisements and in order to do that we must use   some of your device data  namely your advertising ID.'    'Analytics and research: Understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of the Applications and the Website  auditing  learning about user behavior within the Applications and the Websites (how often you use the Application/Website  the events that occur within the Application/Website  aggregated usage  performance data etc.)  gathering demographic information about our user base  data about where the Application was downloaded from. For information that can be treated as personal information in some legislation  we use only device identifiers. We use the data we receive from Third Party Social Network for internal analytics. For opting out from Google Analytics please visit Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy.'  )  gathering demographic information about our user base  data   about where the Application was downloaded from.    For information that can be treated as personal information in   some legislation  we use only device identifiers.    Understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage   of the Applications and the Website  auditing  learning about user behavior   within the Applications and the Websites (how often you use the Application/Website    the events that occur within the Application/Website  aggregated usage  performance   data etc.    We use the data we receive from Third Party Social Network for   internal analytics.    For a detailed explanation about what information is being used for what purposes and by which Partners please see the Cookie section of this Privacy Policy.  For a detailed explanation about what information is being used   for what purposes and by which Partners please see the Cookie section of this   Privacy Policy.    Push notifications We do not send push notifications.  Survey We are conducting surveys in order to improve our services and you may freely decide whether you would like to help us or not.  'From time to time we may conduct an e-mail and/or an in-app survey and collect demographic and usage information for the purposes of internal analysis  marketing and brand development. Participating in a survey is completely voluntary. We will use the information to make our services more appealing to users. Collected information shall be anonymized and aggregated. We might collect the following information: age and gender of the user of an app  whether another person uses the app  the age and gender of the people regularly using the app  assessment of popularity of the main character  which of the characters are known to the user  which app is most commonly used  whether children under the age of 13 use the app on their own or with an adult  the gender of users playing the app  different ways of using the app  an assessment of the features of an app  the time period of using the app  which apps the user has  what would make the app more appealing  and other information needed for the purposes of internal analysis  marketing and brand development.'  Collected information shall be anonymized and aggregated.    From time to time we may conduct an e-mail and/or an in-app survey   and collect demographic and usage information for the purposes of internal analysis    marketing and brand development.    'We might collect the following information: age and gender of   the user of an app  whether another person uses the app  the age and gender   of the people regularly using the app  assessment of popularity of the main   character  which of the characters are known to the user  which app is most   commonly used  whether children under the age of 13 use the app on their own   or with an adult  the gender of users playing the app  different ways of using   the app  an assessment of the features of an app  the time period of using the   app  which apps the user has  what would make the app more appealing  and other   information needed for the purposes of internal analysis  marketing and brand   development.'    We will use the information to make our services more appealing   to users.    We may use third party providers for the in-app surveys and they may place their tags within an Application to collect non-personally identifiable data from the device (Tag Data) solely for the purposes of conducting the survey  such as to collect cross device information in order to enable the deduplication of audiences across devices. These providers may use the data collected from the survey and Tag Data on anonymized and aggregated basis together with the data from other partners (Unified Data) to publish syndicated reports on internet behavior and trends. If you do not wish to receive promotional  marketing or research materials please send an e-mail to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com and your e-mail will be excluded from our user database. If you do so you will no longer receive special and discount offers from us. If you wish to opt out from conducting an in-app survey  do not click on the survey button or deny answering the survey questions.  Storing of Information We store your information for as long as needed to provide you with our services. We may store information longer  but only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. We delete the information as soon as we do not need them for providing our services. For EU Countries  We store personal information as long as it is needed for the provision of our services. Traffic information is erased or made anonymous when it is no longer needed for the purpose of the transmission or  in the case of payable services  up to the end of the period during which the bill may lawfully be challenged or payment pursued. Location information is stored to the extent and for the duration necessary for the provision of a value-added service. Cookies  direct marketing and provision of value-added services information (including traffic information used for these purposes) is stored as long as the same is necessary for the provision of these activities  or up to the time when a user opts out from such use in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Access to Personal Information section herein. Other information is stored for as long as we consider it to be necessary for the provision of our services. This section shall not prevent any technical storage or access to information for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication or as strictly necessary in order for us to provide the service you requested. For US  Cookies  direct marketing and provision of value-added services   information (including traffic information used for these purposes) is stored   as long as the same is necessary for the provision of these activities  or up   to the time when a user opts out from such use in accordance with this Privacy   Policy and the Access to Personal Information section herein.    Location information is stored to the extent and for the duration   necessary for the provision of a value-added service.    We will retain collected information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable legislation.  Storing might be different depending on the territory of collecting the information and the applicable legislation  but we always strive to store the information only as long as it is needed for the purposes of providing  improving or personalizing our services.  Deletion of Information When information is no longer needed  we shall delete it using reasonable measures to protect the information from unauthorized access or use.  Disclosure to Third Parties We disclose the information to our advertising and analytics partners so that we can display advertisements and analyze the usage.  'We cannot provide all services necessary for the successful operation of the Applications or the Website by ourselves. We must therefore share collected information with third parties  including analytics providers  tracking providers  third party advertising providers and other third party service providers that support the Applications and the Website (collectively referred to as Partners). We may share information that can be used to personally identify your device (e.g. persistent identifiers such as IDFA  IDFV  advertising ID and IP address) for the purposes of delivering our services  displaying advertisements  conducting analysis and research and for measuring our advertising campaign performance: Third party analytics providers: For some Applications we use third party analytics such as Google Analytics (for Applications  Websites) and for the purposes of delivering our services  conducting analysis and research. To get more information about how your data is being collected and processed you can visit the site How Google uses data when you use our partners'' sites or apps located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Additionally we have also integrated Google Play Developer Console data like Impressions  Downloads  and Traffic Sources into a Google Analytics account to see how many times people viewed or downloaded our apps from Google Play. The device data we share with such providers are encoded. The providers may assign a random ID to these data and they are not able to match it back to You. Third party analytics providers have the right to process the data in accordance with their privacy policies (https://dev.flurry.com/termsOfService.do;jsessionid=uqkgc0o2r5m2 and http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/#nosharing) and such collection and processing is limited to the disclosure in aggregated manner  for the purposes of showing trends about the use of their services  for advertising services and marketing purposes. We can aggregate the data for benchmarking feature.'  We may share information that can be used to personally identify   your device (e.g.    'persistent identifiers such as IDFA  IDFV  advertising ID and   IP address) for the purposes of delivering our services  displaying advertisements    conducting analysis and research and for measuring our advertising campaign   performance:'    'Third party tracking providers: For some Applications we may track installs through our tracking providers such as Adjust for the purposes of measuring our advertising campaign performance. The tracking providers may use and share the information so gathered  but only in aggregated and anonymized manner.'  'Third party advertising providers: The Applications may incorporate third-party dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology which enables advertising to be temporarily uploaded into the Application. When you use the Application  we or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use information logged from your device using cookies  web beacons and other technologies to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Application and to calculate the number of unique and repeat views of advertising. We have contracted with certain third party advertising networks that assist us in delivering advertising to you that allows us to continue offering the Applications for free or at low cost. Such third party advertising networks include but are not limited to Apple (iAds)  Google (AdMob)  InMobi  MobClix  Millennial Media (for privacy terms please visit http://www.millennialmedia.com/privacy-policy/)  Tapjoy  Mobclix  Chartboost  Nexage  JumpTap  MoPub Marketplace  Hunt Mobile  Vpon TW  Vpon CN  Madhouse  DoMob  Cauly  Youmi  Yume  Brightroll  Tremor  Smartclip  Xaxsis  SponsorPay  Aarki  SupersonicAds  AdColony  Leadbolt  Taptica  Vdopia  DMG  LoopMe Media  Daum Communications (aka ADAM)  SK Planet (aka TAD)  NativeX  Vungle  Fiksu  AdAction Interactive  AdWords  Motive Interactive  Twitter  Applift  Fyber  Glispa  Appia  HyprMX Mobile  Inneractive  IGAWorks  Faad  VideoPlaza.  MobFox  Ads Yolo  Token Ads  Offers Total  Ad Sense  WAPSTART  PML  Plenus  Vserve  LifeStreet  Smaato  4th Screen  mBrands3  Greystripe  Facebook  mNectar  Mezzo Media  NAS Media  Mocoplex  TNK Factory  i-Mobile  Marimedia  Todacell  IQzone  Adways  Applifier  Google (Adx)  Opera Media  AppLovin  Tapsense  Unity 3D (Applifier)  mPoint Media  Ad Japon  Play Haven  Yahoo  Manage.com  Smadex  Thirdpresence  Seventynine  Flurry Inc  Ironsource Neon  Appgrade  SuperAwesome Trading Ltd  Smartstream.TV GmbH  Startmeapp  Spotx  Liverail  mdotm (CrossChannel Inc)  Geniee  Definiti Media Pokkt  Goboq Media  Ad Attraction  Adspree media  Digital Turbine Media  Happy Elements  King.com  LoopMe  Mars Technologies  Mobivista International Technology  PubNative  Raftika  targetcircle AS  Volo Media  Affle India  Diandian Interactive Holding  Eshare Media and Feelingtouch.'  When you use the Application  we or third parties operating the   advertisement serving technology may use information logged from your device   using cookies  web beacons and other technologies    We may contract with additional Partners or change existing Partners in the future to perform any services in connection with the Applications or the Website. These changes shall be updated twice a year or promptly in case of material changes in our data processing practices.  We reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) in response to law  legal process  litigation  and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security  law enforcement  or other issues of public importance  disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations  users or user experience. Additionally  in the event of a reorganization  merger or sale we may transfer any and all information (including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant third party.  For detailed information about information collection and the usage practices of our partners please see the Cookie section of this Privacy Policy. For any additional questions about third party information collection please refer to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com.  For any additional questions about third party information collection   please refer to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com.    For detailed information about information collection and the usage   practices of our partners please see the Cookie section of this Privacy Policy.    Use of Information by our Partners We strive to adhere to the generally accepted industry practices regarding the collection and the usage of information by our Partners and to limit their usage to the services they provide for us. They adhere to this Privacy Policy  but in some cases we must use their privacy policies.  We strive to commit our Partners to using the information solely for the purposes as stated above. If they use information that might be considered as personal information  they should use it solely for the purposes of contextual advertising  but for any other purposes they should use the information solely on anonymized and aggregated basis. Notwithstanding the above  we cannot guarantee that our Partners will adhere to the contractual obligations or acceptable business practices. While we strive to protect the information provided to our Partners  we have no direct control over their use of the collected information and therefore you acknowledge that we are not liable for any third party privacy breach and that our liability for our Partner breaches is limited to the amount we are able to receive as indemnification from our Partners (legal costs exempted).  'In addition  Partners may use their own tracking technologies (including and without limitation: cookies  Web beacons  HTTP cache  and local shared objects) to compile anonymous information about users of the Applications and visitors to the Websites. Partners may share anonymous information that they collect with their clients  including the date and time a banner ad was shown and the specific ad shown. We strive to ensure that this information is only disclosed to such third parties in an anonymized and aggregated manner.'  'In addition  Partners may use their own tracking technologies   (including and without limitation: cookies  Web beacons  HTTP cache  and local   shared objects) to compile anonymous information about users of the Applications   and visitors to the Websites.'    Unlike the tracking technologies used by us in the content we control on the Website and in the Applications  we do not control or have access to the information collected by our Partners using their own tracking technologies. Their information gathering practices  including their policies regarding the use of cookies  Web beacons  and other tracking technologies  are governed by their own privacy policies  not this one. We strive to adhere to the generally accepted industry practices regarding the collection and the usage of information by our Partners and to limit their usage to the services they provide for us.  Their information gathering practices  including their policies   regarding the use of cookies  Web beacons  and other tracking technologies    are governed by their own privacy policies  not this one.    Unlike the tracking technologies used by us in the content we control   on the Website and in the Applications  we do not control or have access to   the information collected by our Partners using their own tracking technologies.    Some of the Applications allow you to submit content generated in or by the Applications to third party sites like Facebook  Vkontakte  Google Play Games  Game Center and YouTube. These submissions follow the information transfer protocols for such third parties  which are designed to enable content sharing with such third parties.  In order to release the Application on apps stores and distribution platforms (Platforms) in the territory of China  we need to give the Platforms access to your data. We strive to allow access only to the data necessary for the services  but cannot provide any guarantees as the data collecting and processing is done in accordance with the platform's terms of service and privacy policy. For example  if you download the Application from Xiaomi  your data collection and processing will be governed by Xiaomi Privacy Policy and User Agreement  available at http://www.mi.com/sg/about/policy/   http://www.mi.com/sg/about/agreement/.  Third Party Terms and Conditions Please note that your access to and ability to use and interact with the Applications and the Websites may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies  including but not limited to application stores  mobile software platforms  online gaming platforms  social networking services  statistics services providers and payment providers. You recognize and agree that BOOLit entertainment is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal information.  'Protection of Personal Information We have implemented: reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality  security and integrity of the collected information  and to prevent unauthorized access and the use of information contrary to this Privacy Policy. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that your information remains secure when maintained by us  please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.'  Integrity of Personal Information We strive to enable you to keep your information accurate  complete and up to date. You can access  check and ensure the integrity of your information as described below.  Access to Personal Information Access  correction or deletion requests regarding your personal information may be submitted to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com.  We make good faith efforts to provide you with access to the personal information you provide to us (information associated with your account). You can also request that we correct or delete information  provided that we are not required to retain such information by law or for legitimate business purposes.  We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive  require disproportionate technical effort  jeopardize the privacy of others  are extremely impractical  or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Access  correction or deletion requests can be made through the BOOLit entertainment website at http://www.boolit-entertainment.com/about-us/. For some of our Applications we may develop in-app deletion request functionality which can be used in addition to the address above.  INFORMATION COLLECTION RELATING TO CHILDREN We consider ourselves to be family oriented  however we have decided to voluntarily implement higher child protection standards even though our products and services are not directed to  and we do not knowingly collect personal information from  children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13  we will take all reasonable steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent  please contact us at boolit.entertainment@gmail.com.  In order to preserve the family-friendly reputation of our Applications  we age-gated some of the features in our applications  so that they are not available for use by children under 13. The age gate is being conducted after the download of some of our apps for specific territories in order to assure the privacy and protection of younger users of our apps. If you do not pass the gate the features enabling potential collection and sharing of personally identifiable information are disabled for your device ID. For your safety  it is not possible to change your age later on. We do not store your year of birth but only the information whether your device ID passed the age gate or not.  For your safety  it is not possible to change your age later on.    If you do not pass the gate the features enabling potential collection   and sharing of personally identifiable information are disabled for your device   ID.    We do not store your year of birth but only the information whether   your device ID passed the age gate or not.    The only personal information we collect from you for the purposes of offering our services are persistent identifiers (such as device ID  IDFA  IDFV  advertising ID  IP address). Such persistent identifiers are used and shared with third parties solely for providing support for the internal operations meaning to place contextual advertisement (including frequency capping)  to authenticate users of or personalize the content on Applications  to maintain or analyze the functioning of the Applications  personalize the content of the Application (such as sending push notifications)  to perform network communications to protect the security or integrity of the user or the Application  to ensure legal or regulatory compliance.  Such persistent identifiers are used and shared with third parties   solely for providing support for the internal operations meaning to place contextual   advertisement (including frequency capping)    The only personal information we collect from you for the purposes   of offering our services are persistent identifiers (such as device ID  IDFA    IDFV  advertising ID  IP address).    When using the persistent identifiers we will not contact you  display behavioral advertising to you  nor do any user tracking or profiling. In addition  we strive that all of our advertising partners adhere to the same standards for the collection  usage and disclosure of your personal information as we do  but we can however not be responsible if they breach the commitments they gave to us regarding the collection of information. In case of such breaches you agree that our liability is limited to the amounts we are able to receive as indemnification for the breaches from our advertising partner. For the detailed information about disclosure to third parties please see section Disclosure To Third Parties of this Privacy Policy. For any additional questions about third party information disclosure please refer to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com.  When using the persistent identifiers we will not contact you    display behavioral advertising to you  nor do any user tracking or profiling.    We will send push notifications to users who allow us to do so in order to reengage them in terms of using the Application. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions in section Push Notifications of this Privacy Policy. We strive to ensure that the content of the push notifications will always be family-friendly. Push notifications are local  contextual and sent in app only and not from a server or in conjunction with other user information.  Third Party Sites Our Applications  Websites  products and services may contain links to third party websites  products  or services. For example  the Applications may feature offers from third party advertisers or the ability to engage in transactions with such entities. Please note that while using such third party offerings  you are using sites  products  and services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the actions of those people or companies  the content of their sites  products or services  the use of information you provide to them  or any products or services they may offer. Our link to such third parties does not constitute our sponsorship of  or affiliation with  those people or companies. Nor is such linking an endorsement of such third party's privacy or information security policies or practices or their compliance with laws. Information collected by third parties  which may include such things as location information or contact details  is governed by their privacy practices. These other websites or services may place their own cookies or other files on your computing device  collect information or solicit personal information from you. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of third parties with which you interact.  Information collected by third parties  which may include such   things as location information or contact details  is governed by their privacy   practices.    These other websites or services may place their own cookies or   other files on your computing device  collect information or solicit personal   information from you.    We are not responsible or liable for your interaction with such third parties  the information requests initiated by such third parties  or the subsequent use  treatment or dissemination of information you voluntarily choose to provide to them.  In-App Purchases Some of our Applications may enable in-app purchases.  Although most of our Applications are free  they include in-app purchases. In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the app store password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. You should be aware of the 20-minute window after the downloading of an Application  during which in-app purchases may be made without inserting an in-app store password. You should also take into account that OS 2.1 or older versions of Android mobile phones do not require entering of the app store account password to carry out in-app purchases.  Opt-Out You are always free to opt out from the future collection of your personal information by BOOLit entertainment in accordance with this Privacy Policy by uninstalling all the Applications from each of your computing devices and discontinuing use of the Websites.  'Opting out of IBA: Via third party IBA providers'  For MoPub Ads please visit http://www.mopub.com/optout/; For FB Ads please visit https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads; For InMobi Ads please visit http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/; For Google (Adx) please visit https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html; For Google (AdMob) please visit https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html; For AppLovin please visit https://www.applovin.com/optout; For My.Com please visit https://target.my.com/privacy/. Via Do Not Track Settings in mobile phone  The providers of advertising services are bound to comply with Do Not Track settings in mobile phones  but we cannot provide any guarantees on their behalf. If you choose the opt-out option available via our apps  we will not share your device ID with advertisers for the purposes of IBA; or  if already shared  we will remove it from their services. We provide no guarantees regarding the information provided prior to opting out. Some providers may have additional opt-out mechanisms implemented.  If you choose the opt-out option available via our apps  we will   not share your device ID with advertisers for the purposes of IBA; or  if already   shared  we will remove it from their services.    If you turn on Limit Ad Tracking on your iOS device or Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads on your Android device  you can restore interest-based ads by turning the settings off. When you opt out  you may still see the same number of ads on your mobile device; however  these ads may be less relevant because they won't be based on your interests. Our advertising partners may continue to serve you ads based on other non-personal information  such as ads related to the content of the application you are using.  Your iOS or Android mobile device may provide a Limit Ad Tracking or Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising setting. When you have opted out using this setting on a device  our partners will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests  or to serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.  You can find the setting for your mobile device by following the directions below  or contact your device provider.  The reason for switching from device IDs to Advertising Identifier is that advertisers are able to use this identifier only for advertising and for no other purpose  while users can choose to opt out of tracking via the settings of mobile phone. Advertising Identifier is an anonymous identifier for advertising purposes which enables users to reset their identifier or opt out of interest-based ads. The parties participating in advertising are obligated to follow users' choice for opting out of tracking according to the app store guidelines.  Advertising Identifier is an anonymous identifier for advertising   purposes which enables users to reset their identifier or opt out of interest-based   ads.    The parties participating in advertising are obligated to follow   users' choice for opting out of tracking according to the app store guidelines.    The reason for switching from device IDs to Advertising Identifier   is that advertisers are able to use this identifier only for advertising and   for no other purpose  while users can choose to opt out of tracking via the   settings of mobile phone.    iOS Device iOS 7 or Higher  Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the Limit Ad Tracking setting iOS 6  Go to your Settings > Select General > Select About > Select Advertising > Enable the Limit Ads Tracking setting  'More information about the iOS setting can be found here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074'  'Android Device For Android devices with OS 2.2 and up and Google Play Services version 4.0 and up: Open your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising'  Changes to Our Privacy Policy Please check http://www.boolit-entertainment.com/privacy/ regularly for changes to our Privacy Policy.  We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users  furnish current information  and respond to legal and technical changes. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be available at http://www.boolit-entertainment.com/privacy/.  Should you request so by informing us on boolit.entertainment@gmail.com  we will send you all the updates of this privacy policy to your e-mail. We will also inform you about any material updates of our privacy policy with an in-app banner and a link.  Privacy Questions Any questions? Send us an e-mail to boolit.entertainment@gmail.com.  If you have questions or concerns about BOOLit entertainment's Privacy Policy or information processing  please contact us through boolit.entertainment@gmail.com.  BOOLit entertainment Privacy Policy  v 1.0  updated December 2016 Contact boolit.entertainment@gmail.com ziga.krmelj@gmail.com Partner Ditea d.o.o. | Media and software developer | Slovenia Ad space Facebook Twitter Google  BOOLit entertainment | Ziga Krmelj S.P. | Slovenia We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more  We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on   our website.    