 Home Blog Themes Games \xBB Galaxy Bowling 3D Flight Theory 2 in\ \ 1 Longbow - Realsense Flight Theory League Star Football Longbow - Archery 3D\ \ About Account Support  Privacy Policy Overview We respect your privacy. We don't actively collect or store personal information. Any information collected is used for the sole purpose of processing orders or registrations initiated by you. Feel free to read through the finer details below. Thank you!  What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site  place an order or register in our apps.  When registering in our applications  your email address is stored for password retrieval purposes. This information is not public and not disclosed to 3rd parties.  When registering in our applications  your email address is stored   for password retrieval purposes.    'When ordering or registering on our site  as appropriate  you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may  however  visit our site anonymously.'  'When ordering or registering on our site  as appropriate  you   may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address.'    'What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To personalize your experience: (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)'  'To improve our website: (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)'  'To process transactions: Your information  whether public or private  will not be sold  exchanged  transferred  or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever  without your consent  other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.'  'To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order processing  will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or information related to End Permian (only if you opt-in.)'  'To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order   processing  will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining   to your order or information related to End Permian (only if you opt-in.)'    'Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails  we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.'  To allow you to reset your password.  Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of endpermian.com and mobile apps  to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.  Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided   by Google.    Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use   of endpermian.com and mobile apps  to prepare reports on its activities and   share them with other Google services.    Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize   the ads of its own advertising network.    'Personal data collected: Cookie and Usage Data. Place of processing: USA. Find Google''s privacy policy here.'  Find Google's privacy policy here.    'Personal data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.'    'Place of processing: USA.'    Cookies Cookies are files with small amount of data  which may include an anonymous unique identifier.  Cookies are files with small amount of data  which may include   an anonymous unique identifier.    Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.  Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on   your computer's hard drive.    Like many sites  we use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  Like many sites  we use cookies to collect information.    You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate   when a cookie is being sent.    Log Data Like many site operators  we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our  Like many site operators  we collect information that your browser   sends whenever you visit our site.    site. This data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address  browser type  browser version  the pages of our Site that you visit  the time and date of your visit  the time spent on those pages and other statistics.  This data may include information such as your computer's Internet   Protocol (IP) address  browser type  browser version  the pages of our Site   that you visit  the time and date of your visit  the time spent on those pages   and other statistics.    Third party links Occasionally  at our discretion  we may include or offer third party products or services on our website or apps. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.  Changes To This Privacy Policy Winterlight Pty. Ltd. may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify  you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this  Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.  Your Consent By using our site  you consent to our websites privacy policy.  This policy was last modified on August 8th  2015.  Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.  contact@endpermian.com \xA9 2017 End Permian - Android and iPhone\ \ games and themes. All Rights Reserved.  