 'Deutsch English Last Revised Date: 4th of June 2013 Kaufcom GmbH Privacy Policy Kaufcom GmbH including its affiliates (Kaufcom)  stores  collects and uses your personal information as a data controller in connection with Kaufcom products  apps  software  services and websites (together Services) according to this privacy policy.'  All Kaufcom Services are governed by this Privacy Policy and by using or accessing a Service you give consent to the processing  use and disclosure of your data. Please do not install or use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.  Changes to the Privacy Policy Kaufcom GmbH reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changed or modified version of the Privacy Policy on the Site. Any such changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy  we will change the Last Revised date above. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.  Your Data Kaufcom may use different analytic tools in order to develop and analyze the use of the Services.  Kaufcom may supplement your data with data received from third parties in connection with demographic  advertisement  market and other analytics surveys or services.  Kaufcom may supplement your data with data received from third   parties in connection with demographic  advertisement  market and other analytics   surveys or services.    Ad Serving Technology Kaufcom reserves the right to use and disclose the collected data for purposes of advertisement by Kaufcom or Kaufcom's partners and contractors.  Kaufcom may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.  Kaufcom or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. Kaufcom or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including  but not limited to IP address (including but not limited to for purposes of determining your coarse location)  Device ID  MAC  software  applications  hardware  browser information  internet and on-line usage information and in-game information.  Kaufcom or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose   including  but not limited to IP address (including but not limited to for purposes   of determining your coarse location)  Device ID  MAC    Kaufcom or third parties operating the ad serving technology may   use demographic and location information as well as information logged from   your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented   within the Service.    The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.  Security Kaufcom takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss  misuse or alteration by third parties.  Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public  we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further  while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems  we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party hackers from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your Account or any of Your Information will be protected against  loss  misuse  or alteration by third parties.  Location Data To the extent Kaufcom makes location enabled Services available and you use such Services  Kaufcom may collect and process your location data to provide location related Services and advertisements. For example  some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations.  For example  some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated   locations.    To the extent Kaufcom makes location enabled Services available   and you use such Services  Kaufcom may collect and process your location data   to provide location related Services and advertisements.    Kaufcom may use various technologies to determine location  such as GPS  Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address  etc.  Kaufcom may use various technologies to determine location  such   as GPS  Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address  etc.    Children Policy Kaufcom does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age.  If the company becomes aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information  we will delete such information from our files.  Third Party Terms and Conditions Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third party and Kaufcom is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.  Opt-Out You are always free to opt-out from the future collection of your personal information by Kaufcom in accordance with this Privacy Policy by uninstalling all the Applications from each of your computing devices and discontinuing use our Services.  