 PRIVACY POLICY Bizo Mobile respects the privacy rights of its customers and protects the personal information collected  stored and used in connection with Bizo Mobile products  services  applications and websites (the Services). To further this commitment  we have adopted this Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) to guide how we collect  store  and use the information you provide us.  I. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy applies to personal and anonymous information submitted and collected through the Services. By installing  using  registering to or otherwise accessing the Services  you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy  please do not install  use  register to or otherwise access the Services. Bizo Mobile reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times  so please review it frequently. Your continued used of the Services will signify your acceptance to the changes to this Privacy Policy.  II. INFORMATION COLLECTED 1) We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser)  web beacons  or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your browser  operating system and IP address  device information.  Our systems also log information like your browser  operating system   and IP address  device information.    We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser)    web beacons  or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer   or device so we can deliver a better experience.    2) We collect information about how you use our apps  your results (in case of a game)  how often you use a specific feature.  We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information  please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.  3) In serving you  we may use or store your precise geographic location  if you give us permission to do so.  In serving you  we may use or store your precise geographic location    if you give us permission to do so.    4) If you use Facebook or Google Account to register into our app  we collect only your name  e-mail addres and store it only for registering or loging in purposes. In case of Facebook we may collect your friends list or other information provided by Facebook that you agree to give to us.  If you use Facebook or Google Account to register into our app    we collect only your name  e-mail addres and store it only for registering or   loging in purposes.    In case of Facebook we may collect your friends list or other information   provided by Facebook that you agree to give to us.    5) In case of applications which purpose is to process images  videos  sound  we don't collect your recorded video  image or sound anywhere on our servers. All files recorded by you are stored on your device's memory card. We don't share it to any third party company  or anywhere in the Internet.  'III. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED 1) Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device  but is not linked to your identity. Ad companies that we cooperate with  and which may collect anonymous data: admob.com facebook.com applovin.com 2) We don''t share your personal data such as name  e-mail or other (collected from Google Account or Facebook) to any third party.'  Interest and location data may be linked to your device  but is   not linked to your identity.    'If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies  please contact us: contact@bizomobile.com 3) Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. Analytics companies that we work with: analytics.google.com batch.com 4) We may use your name in ranks showing the best results among all users of the app. The rank is visible only in the app you use and you provided such information.'  Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP   address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used.    IV. UPDATES This privacy policy was last updated on 27-08-2016. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies  we will place a prominent notice on our website or application. If the change materially affects registered users  we will send a notice to you by email  push notification or text.  