 Skip to content About The Company Media Features Jobs Blog Support Contact Us  'DOWNLOAD NOW Download Privacy policy Last Updated: March  2017 As a collaborative community  CallApp''s top priority will always be its relationship with the community. CallApp is firmly committed to the security and protection of the personal integrity of our users  their contacts  and CallApp''s service  as set forth herein.'  This Privacy Policy describes what personal information may be shared with CallApp and other users when activating and using CallApp's services  how CallApp receives  collects and uses this data  and how to opt out.  CallApp Software Ltd. and its affiliates (CallApp  we or us) respect the privacy of users (user or you) of CallApp's software (Software) and services (together with the Software  the Service) and are committed to protect information  including Received Information.  'Received Information means a user''s private  personal or personally identifying or identifiable data or information  including content and contact information such as name  email address  or social network identifier.'  'Received Information means a user''s private  personal or personally   identifying or identifiable data or information  including content and contact   information such as name  email address  or social network identifier.'    The terms of this Privacy Policy are incorporated by reference into CallApp's Terms of Service.  PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY REGISTERING  DOWNLOADING  INSTALLING  ACCESSING  ACTIVATING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SERVICE OR INTERACTING WITH US ON OUR WEBSITE  YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY  INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR RECEIVED INFORMATION AS SET FORTH HEREIN. IF YOU DISAGREE WITH ANY TERM SET FORTH HEREIN  YOU MAY NOT REGISTER  DOWNLOAD  INSTALL  ACCESS  ACTIVATE OR USE THE SERVICE OR INTERACT WITH US ON OUR WEBSITE  AND YOU ARE OBLIGED TO IMMEDIATELY UNINSTALL OR ERASE THE SOFTWARE FROM YOUR DEVICE.  The Service is not designed or intended for children under the age of thirteen (13).  We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage to verify that minors under the age of thirteen (13) are not using the Service. If you are under the age of thirteen (13)  you may not download the Software or use the Service including the Software  you may not use any feature of the Service that requires registration  and you may not provide us with any Received Information. CallApp will not knowingly collect any Received Information concerning children under the age of thirteen (13).  CallApp may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and such updated Privacy Policy will be effective as of the Last Updated date. Your continued use of the Service on or after the Last Updated date constitutes your consent to such updated Privacy Policy. Contributors of Received Information  Information from user or user devices When users register  download  install  access  activate or otherwise use the Service or interact with us on our website  Received Information may be received  processed and retained from user and devices the user may use in interactions with the Service.  When users register  download  install  access  activate or otherwise   use the Service or interact with us on our website  Received Information may   be received  processed and retained from user and devices the user may use in   interactions with the Service.    'Received Information may include any of the following: geo-location  IP address  device ID or unique identifier  device manufacturer and type  device and hardware settings  ID for advertising  ad data  operating system  operator  IMSI (international mobile subscriber identity)  certain information regarding contacts contained in user device phone books (Contacts)  phone number  connection information  screen resolution  usage statistics  device log and event information  incoming and outgoing calls and messages  times and date of calls  duration of calls  behavioral information  version of the Software used  and other information based on interactions with the Services.'  'Received Information may include any of the following: geo-location    IP address  device ID or unique identifier  device manufacturer and type  device   and hardware settings  ID for advertising  ad data  operating system  operator    IMSI (international mobile subscriber identity)  certain information regarding   contacts contained in user device phone books (Contacts)  phone number  connection   information  screen resolution  usage statistics  device log'    'Received Information may include any of the following: geo-location    IP address  device ID or unique identifier  device manufacturer and type  device   and hardware settings  ID for advertising  ad data  operating system  operator    IMSI (international mobile subscriber identity)  certain information regarding   contacts contained in user device phone books (Contacts)  phone number  connection   information  screen resolution  usage statistics  device log and event information    incoming and outgoing calls and messages  times and date of calls  duration   of calls  behavioral information  version of the Software used  and other information   based on interactions with the Services.'    In addition  if a user provides user identifier information for third party social media services  such as Facebook  Google+  LinkedIn  Twitter and Foursquare  so that the Services can interoperate with the social media services  the user's identifier associated with the social media service (including mapped photos where applicable) will be stored and processed.  In addition  if a user provides user identifier information for   third party social media services  such as Facebook  Google+  LinkedIn  Twitter   and Foursquare  so that the Services can interoperate with the social media   services  the user's identifier associated with the social media service (including   mapped photos where applicable) will be stored and processed.    Please note that we never store any passwords to any social media service.  You agree that you will exercise caution and common sense if you provide us with or let us collect or receive information  including Received Information  about someone else (including Contact information)  and you hereby confirm that it is not false and that it will not corrupt or disrupt the Service  and that you have the right to provide or let us collect  receive  use and share such information according to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.  You agree that you will exercise caution and common sense if you   provide us with or let us collect or receive information  including Received   Information  about someone else (including Contact information)     Data/names may also be associated with a phone number through our name/data tagging functionality  which allows a user who receives a call from a phone number which is not associated with data or a name in our resources to indicate the data/name to be associated with that number. This data/name will only be associated with a number through the name/data tagging functionality if a sufficient number of independent users  based on our algorithms  have indicated similar data/name for the relevant number.  Data/names may also be associated with a phone number through our   name/data tagging functionality  which allows a user who receives a call from   a phone number which is not associated with data or a name in our resources   to indicate the data/name to be associated with that number.    When a user reports a phone number as being spam  we store that phone number in combination with the user's internal ID in order to maintain the user's spam list online and also for the purpose of building a community-based spam-blocking directory.  When a user reports a phone number as being spam  we store that   phone number in combination with the user's internal ID in order to maintain   the user's spam list online and also for the purpose of building a community-based   spam-blocking directory.    Received Information may be linked and combined with data from other sources.  Information from Public Resources and other users of the Service.  We receive data from Public Resources (as defined under the Terms of Service) associated with users and user Contacts  including from social networks to which users or user Contacts are registered  such as Facebook  Google+  Linkedin  Twitter  and Foursquare.  We receive data from Public Resources (as defined under the Terms   of Service) associated with users and user Contacts  including from social networks   to which users or user Contacts are registered  such as Facebook  Google+  Linkedin    Twitter  and Foursquare.    Other users of the Services may provide us with Received Information about you  and you hereby provide your consent to our use and sharing of such Received Information.  Information from cookies and similar technologies.  Information associated with users is collected from cookies and similar technologies such as digital identifiers  log files  web beacons  and plugins (Cookies)  which store certain information from user devices  allowing us to understand and save preferences for future visits and to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction. If a user provides Received Information to us  then this Received Information may be linked to data stored in Cookies.  Information associated with users is collected from cookies and   similar technologies such as digital identifiers  log files  web beacons  and   plugins (Cookies)  which store certain information from user devices  allowing   us to understand and save preferences for future visits and to compile aggregate   data about site traffic and site interaction.    Information may also be collected by third-party Cookies  which are Cookies that are controlled by a third party and not by us  that store certain Received Information on user devices (Third-Party Cookies). Third-Party Cookies may be updated each time a user uses the Service  or each time a user visits other websites or access other applications using similar types of Cookies. We do not control Third-Party Cookies or the types of information that are compiled by them  or the use of Received Information by the relevant third party.  Information may also be collected by third-party Cookies  which   are Cookies that are controlled by a third party and not by us  that store certain   Received Information on user devices (Third-Party Cookies).    You may opt out of Cookies  including Third-Party Cookies. Most browsers allow you to block or remove Cookies. If you block or erase Cookies  including by changing settings  your ability to use the Service may be limited. How we use information  including Received Information  How we use information  including Received Information    If you block or erase Cookies  including by changing settings    your ability to use the Service may be limited.    Most browsers allow you to block or remove Cookies.    You may opt out of Cookies  including Third-Party Cookies.    'Information  including Received Information  may be used by us to: provide  maintain and improve the Service  enhance and personalize your experience on the Service  provide you with information and services that are available only to registered users of the Service  share Content with other users of the Service and facilitate communications between users of the Service. help us learn about specific preferences and general trends  provide you with information about the Service and allow us to respond to your queries  allow us to identify and contact you  including in connection with promotional offers and customer service operations such as software updates  provide you with tailored content such as search results and advertisements that may be relevant to you  develop new services and software  understand traffic to our site and for other internal purposes  resolve disputes and enforce our policies including our Terms of Service  detect  prevent  or otherwise address fraud  security or technical issues  protect CallApp and its users. Sharing Received Information'  'Information  including Received Information  may be shared with third parties as follows: to third party service providers and other users in connection with the provision of the Service  to satisfy applicable law  regulation  legal process  or governmental request '  where we deem it necessary to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service  to protect any party  to detect  prevent  or otherwise address fraud  security or technical issues  or to respond to claims  including in connection with claims that unauthorized information (e.g. phone number  name  etc.) of a third-party has been retained in CallApp's Resources (as defined in the Terms of Service) and transferred through the Service  to an acquirer of CallApp or of all or part of CallApp's business activity  to a third party examining the business of the company  or a consultant acting under a non-disclosure agreement agreed with us  to third parties for commercialization purposes  as otherwise explicitly set forth in this Privacy Policy.  Received Information shared with third parties may be provided in hashed or encrypted form  consistent with market practices  and may be used to identify users across devices and channels for the purpose of serving targeted advertising. We may be compensated for information  including Received Information  shared with third parties. Users will not receive compensation in connection with such sharing or other use. Third Party Partners  Received Information shared with third parties may be provided   in hashed or encrypted form  consistent with market practices  and may be used   to identify users across devices and channels for the purpose of serving targeted   advertising.    Third-party vendors  including Google  use Cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website and other websites. Google's use of advertising Cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads based on visits to our site or other sites on the internet. You can opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Google's Ads Settings. Alternately  you can opt out of other third-party vendors' uses of cookies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA) opt out page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. To find out more about how Google uses data it collects please visit Google Privacy & Principals.  Google's use of advertising Cookies enables it and its partners   to serve ads based on visits to our site or other sites on the internet.    Third-party vendors  including Google  use Cookies to serve ads   based on a user's prior visits to our website and other websites.    Third party partners may be engaged for the purpose of identifying users and delivering to them interest-based content and advertisements. We may share Received Information with our partners such as name  postal address  email  or other identifier and may do so in non-human readable form. Our partners also may collect information directly from user devices  such as IP address  device ID  information about browser or operating system  and depending on device settings  geographic location data  including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of the device  and may combine their our information including Received Information with information from other sources; and may place or recognize unique cookies on user browsers. To opt-out of third party cookies  please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices. To opt-out of the use of device IDs for targeted advertising  please see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. Content  Our partners also may collect information directly from user devices    such as IP address  device ID  information about browser or operating system    and depending on device settings  geographic location data  including GPS coordinates   (e.g.    Third party partners may be engaged for the purpose of identifying   users and delivering to them interest-based content and advertisements.    We may share Received Information with our partners such as name    postal address  email  or other identifier and may do so in non-human readable   form.    latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the   location of the device  and may combine their our information including Received   Information with information from other sources; and may place or recognize   unique cookies on user browsers.    You may upload and share information  including Received Information  into the Service as content (Content)  subject to your adherence with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service. Content may take the form of your profile information  contact information  or other types of information that you upload or otherwise share. All Content may be available to us and to other users  we do not moderate or protect Content  and notwithstanding any other provision herein  you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to Content.  All Content may be available to us and to other users  we do not   moderate or protect Content  and notwithstanding any other provision herein    you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to Content.    Content may take the form of your profile information  contact   information  or other types of information that you upload or otherwise share.    You may upload and share information  including Received Information    into the Service as content (Content)  subject to your adherence with this   Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service.    You agree that you will exercise caution and common sense when you submit or upload Content  including Received Information  about you or your Contacts  and you hereby confirm that it is not false and that it will not corrupt or disrupt the Service  and that you have the right to share all such Content according to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. Third Party Sites and Privacy Policies  Third Party Sites and Privacy Policies    You agree that you will exercise caution and common sense when   you submit or upload Content  including Received Information  about you or your   Contacts  and you hereby confirm that it is not false and that it will not corrupt   or disrupt the Service  and that you have the right to share all such Content   according to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.    The Service may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible or liable for the privacy policies  practices  Received Information or other content collected  received  stored  used  or shared by third-party websites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and the terms of use or service of third party websites prior to submitting any information  including Received Information.  The Service may offer users the ability to interact with social plugins from social media sites. The social media sites may receive data when users visit a website that has plugins. In some cases  we may know that a user received information from a social media site  or clicked on a social plugin  such as a Facebook Like button. Similarly  if a user previously provided Received Information to a third-party operating a plugin on our website  then that third party may recognize that user when that user visits our website. Use of Received Information by third parties is subject to the applicable third party's privacy policy  so we encourage users to read third party privacy policies carefully. As with linked sites  we are not responsible or liable for the privacy policies  practices  Received Information  or other content that is collected  received  stored  used or shared by social network plugins.  Upon user information  including Received Information  being shared with a third party  we will continue treat the user's information according to the terms of this Privacy Policy  and the relevant third party will treat the user's information according to the terms of its own privacy policy. Opting Out  Users may opt out of the Service by uninstalling the Software from their device  either by choosing the uninstall option on the Software  or by using the software removal option of the operating system of their device.  Upon uninstalling the Software  we will no longer collect any further information  including Received Information  from you through the Service  nor will we provide you with the Service  including with information via the Service pertaining to your Contacts or other third parties that initiate phone calls with you.  If we have already shared your information with a third party  you will need to be in direct contact with that third party in connection with your concern  question  request or demand in connection with such third party's use or sharing of your information. Deletion of Received Information  'We may retain information indefinitely except where prohibited by law. If you wish to delete any of your Received Information from our resources and/or servers  please send an email to: support@callapp.com  and we will make reasonable efforts to delete such Received Information pursuant to applicable privacy law requirements. In such event  subject to applicable privacy laws  your information will be deleted or unlisted from our active database but may remain in our archives.'  You may unlist your number from the Service by logging onto http://www.callapp.com/unlist. Once you are unlisted from the Service  CallApp will not search the CallApp Universal Contact Book for your phone number. However  your details may still be available to us through Public Resources.  However  your details may still be available to us through Public   Resources.    Once you are unlisted from the Service  CallApp will not search   the CallApp Universal Contact Book for your phone number.    You may unlist your number from the Service by logging onto http://www.callapp.com/unlist.    Notwithstanding the foregoing  if we are required to maintain certain information  including Received Information  about you  we will comply with your deletion request after fulfilling any legal requirements. We will retain anonymous information and may need to retain some identifying information to ensure that your request continues to be honored. Security  We take commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the security of the Service and the information you submit to the Service  including your Received Information  and preventing unauthorized access to your information  including your Received Information  through the use of industry-standard technologies and reasonable internal procedures  including transmitting your data using modern security measures such as encryption.  Although we make good faith efforts to store your information in a secure operating environment  we cannot guarantee security. We cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access to or abuse our Service  and we make no warranty  express  implied or otherwise  that we will prevent such access. You understand and agree that all information  including Received Information  collected through our website or in connection with the Service is at your own risk and is subject to the provisions  disclaimers  and limitations of liability in both this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.  In the event that we become aware of any accidental or unauthorized access to your information  we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of such. Transfer of Information to a Different Jurisdiction  Most Received Information is stored in the USA  We or our infrastructure providers may transfer Received Information to a different jurisdiction at our or their sole discretion. Law and Jurisdiction  This Privacy Policy shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Israel  regardless of its conflict of laws rules. The courts of Tel Aviv  Israel  shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute under this Privacy Policy or otherwise related to the Service. Updates to this Privacy Policy  CallApp reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. In our sole discretion we may post updates to CallApp's website.  Updates to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the Last Updated date  and your continued use of the Service on or after the Last Update date will constitute acceptance of  and agreement to be bound by those changes. Inquiries or Complaints  If you have an inquiry or complaint about this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices  please contact CallApp at support@callapp.com.  GET CALLAPP NOW ! Follow Us Always know Who's Calling With one of the biggest number database in the market  you'll know who is the real caller behind the call.  Get the App ABOUT The Company Media Jobs  SUPPORT FAQ Privacy policy Terms of service Contact About Jobs Support Contact  FOLLOW US Privacy policy Terms of service  Copyrights \xA92012 - 2016 CallApp.  Message has sent Thank you  We received your message  and someone will return to you as soon as possible  CLOSE  