 'Retale Privacy Policy - Your Privacy Rights Effective Date : October 7th  2013 (last updated February 15th  2017)'  This Privacy Policy applies to the platforms where it appears.  This Policy describes how we treat personal information on the websites where it is located. This includes www.retale.com. It also applies to our mobile sites and apps where the Policy is located. In this Policy  we refer to our websites  mobile sites and apps as our platforms. Sometimes third parties may collect information on our platforms. This Policy does not describe their practices unless we have specifically said so in this Policy.  We collect information from and about you.  '- We collect contact information. For example  we might collect your email address if you sign up for our alerts or create an account. We may also collect your username and password. We may also collect your name and phone number if you contact us.'  For example  we might collect your email address if you sign up   for our alerts or create an account.    We may also collect your name and phone number if you contact us.    We may also collect your username and password.    '- We collect account information. For example  we may collect your username and password if you create an account on our sites and apps.'  For example  we may collect your username and password if you create   an account on our sites and apps.    '- We collect loyalty program information. As part of our services you can track your loyalty rewards with many popular retailers. To do this  we permit you to provide us with your loyalty account information with those retailers. For example  we may collect your phone number or email address if you provide them as your loyalty program account numbers or IDs.'  For example  we may collect your phone number or email address   if you provide them as your loyalty program account numbers or IDs.    '- We collect information about your interactions with the app. For example  we collect the searches you run on the app. We also collect information about the circulars and content you view in the app.'  '- We collect information you submit or post. For example  we collect the information you post in a public space on our platform. This may include comments you post to our platform. We also collect information if you respond to a survey.'  '- We collect location information. We may collect information about the location from which you are using our services. This might include stores you visit. We may also collect your ZIP code. We may collect location information using different technologies. These technologies may include the location services of your operating system and browser as well as sensor data from your device. We may also collect and use Wi-Fi and GPS information and information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. We might collect location information in the background  including when you are not directly interacting with our app. We may also collect location information from third party providers. Third party providers may also collect location information on our platforms.'  These technologies may include the location services of your operating   system and browser as well as sensor data from your device.    Third party providers may also collect location information on   our platforms.    We may also collect and use Wi-Fi and GPS information and information   on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.    We may also collect your ZIP code.    We may collect information about the location from which you are   using our services.    We may collect location information using different technologies.    '- We collect demographic information. We may collect information like your gender and age. We may collect your zip code to help you find sales relevant to you. We might collect this when you use our platforms.'  We collect demographic information.    We may collect information like your gender and age.    We may collect your zip code to help you find sales relevant to   you.    '- We collect device and other information. We may collect information about your IP address or other device identifier and the browser you''re using. This might include device and advertising identifiers. This might also include device usage information like battery usage. We might also look at what site you came from  or what site you visit when you leave us. We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. We or third parties may collect this information and share it with us. If you use our app  we might collect this information in the background  including when the app is not running. To learn more  please read here.'  This might include device and advertising identifiers.    We collect device and other information.    We may collect information about your IP address or other device   identifier and the browser you're using.    We or third parties may collect this information and share it with   us.    We collect information in different ways.  '- We collect information directly from you. For example  if you contact us  or sign up for alerts.'  '- We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to collect information from you. We also use passive tracking technologies to gather information about your device and usage. We collect information about users over time when you use this platform. We may have third parties collect personal information this way. We also collect information from our mobile apps. Learn more about these tools  and how you can control them  here.'  We also collect information from our mobile apps.    We also use passive tracking technologies to gather information   about your device and usage.    We collect information about users over time when you use this   platform.    We may have third parties collect personal information this way.    We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to collect   information from you.    '- We get information about you from third parties. For example  our business partners may give us information about you. Social media platforms may also give us information about you.'  '- We combine information. For example  we may combine information that we have collected offline with information we collect online. We may also combine information we have collected through our other platforms. Or we may combine information we get from a third party with information we already have.'  We use information as disclosed and described here.  '- We use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example  we might use your information to respond to your comments or questions.'  '- We use information to improve our products and services. We may use your information to make our platforms and products better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us. We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties. We also use your information for analytics purposes.'  '- We use information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company and our customers. We also use information to protect our platforms.'  '- We use information for marketing purposes. For example  we might send you information about special offers. We might also use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. This may include using your location information to tailor our services to your current location  including to inform you about special offers for retailers near your location. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We might tell you about new features or updates. To learn about your choices for these communications  read the Choices section below.'  For example  we might send you information about special offers.    These might be third party offers or products we think you might   find interesting.    This may include using your location information to tailor our   services to your current location  including to inform you about special offers   for retailers near your location.    To learn about your choices for these communications  read the   Choices section below.    We might also use your information to serve you ads about products   and offers.    We might tell you about new features or updates.    We use information for marketing purposes.    '- We use information to communicate with you. We may contact you about your account or our relationship. We may contact you about your feedback and comments. We might also contact you about this Policy or our platform Terms.'  '- We may also use push notifications on our mobile apps. For example  we may send you push notifications about offers and deals based on your preferences.'  '- We use information as otherwise permitted by law.'  We may share information with third parties.  '- We will share information within the Bonial family of companies. This includes future subsidiaries or affiliates.'  '- We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example  we share information with vendors who send emails for us. We may also share information with third parties who operate our find ads near me feature. We may also share information with companies that operate our platforms.'  '- We will share information with our business partners. For example  we may share information with our retail partners. This might include those whose circulars and ads appear on our platforms. We may also share information with third parties including social media platforms or apps that provide joint services with us. Information we share may include contact information and location information. It may also include other information we know about you. We may also share information with third parties who co-sponsor a promotion. These third parties will use information in accordance with their own privacy policies.'  '- We will share information with third parties for marketing purposes. These third parties may include our retail partners. It may also include third parties in whose products or services we believe you may be interested. These third parties may also share your information with others. These third parties may use the information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. This may include the delivery of interest based advertising. These third parties will use information in accordance with their own privacy policies.'  '- We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example  we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud.'  '- We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example  if part of our business was sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.'  '- We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you.'  You have certain choices about how we use your information.  You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails  follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Don't worry - even if you opt out of getting marketing messages  we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions or information about your account.  You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools  and to read our Do Not Track policy  please click here.  To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and   other tracking tools  and to read our Do Not Track policy  please click here.    You can control cookies and tracking tools.    You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example  you can turn off the GPS locator  your Wi-Fi connection  or push notifications on your phone.  For example  you can turn off the GPS locator  your Wi-Fi connection    or push notifications on your phone.    You can control tools on your mobile devices.    Your California Privacy Rights If you reside in California  you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request  please send us an email  or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a Shine the Light inquiry.  These platforms are not intended for children.  Our platforms are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information  you can email us. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this Policy. Please mark your inquiries COPPA Information Request. Parents  you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line here.  We use standard security measures.  The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our platforms will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords. We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.  We may store information in and outside of the United States.  If you live outside of the United States  you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This platforms is subject to U.S. laws  which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.  We may link to other sites or apps or have third party services on our platforms we don't control.  If you click on a third party link  you will be taken to a platform we do not control. This includes social media sites. This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website or platform. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party practices. Our platform may also link to and/or serve third party ads or other content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. To learn more  click here. We do not control the use of those technologies.  Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.  'If you have any questions about this Policy  please email us at privacy@retale.com. You can also write to us or call at: Retale Consumer Relations 525 W Monroe St. Chicago  IL 60661  USA Phone: 312-258-8800 We may update this Policy.'  From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our platform. Please check our platform periodically for updates.  \xA9 2016 Bonial Enterprises North America  Inc. All rights reserved.  