 'Tune Me - Privacy Policy We only collect anonymous usage data  with one exception: if you provide us your email address using the Contact Us form  we store it so we can contact you  but won''t share it. This document describes our privacy practices in detail.'  if you provide us your email address using the Contact Us form    we store it so we can contact you  but won't share it.    'Information We Collect Your account: we store a hash (digital fingerprint) of your Google account email address(es) to identify you and tie your account to your purchases. We do not store the actual email address(es)  and cannot obtain them using the hash.'  We do not store the actual email address(es)  and cannot obtain   them using the hash.    'Your account: we store a hash (digital fingerprint) of your Google   account email address(es) to identify you and tie your account to your purchases.'    We collect anonymous usage data from every app user to monitor usage and fix bugs  such as device specifications (model  screen size  Android version  etc)  the country in which you are located  timestamped usage data  and your hashed email address(es).  We collect anonymous usage data from every app user to monitor   usage and fix bugs  such as device specifications (model  screen size  Android   version  etc)  the country in which you are located  timestamped usage data    and your hashed email address(es).    If you use the Contact Us form  you may voluntarily provide us with your actual email address and other personally identifiable information such as your name. We may use this information solely to contact you to respond to your questions and provide support.  If you use the Contact Us form  you may voluntarily provide us   with your actual email address and other personally identifiable information   such as your name.    Information Collected by Third Parties The app may send information to the third party services listed below. All of this information is anonymous with the exception of your email address should you choose to provide it using the Contact Us form.  All of this information is anonymous with the exception of your   email address should you choose to provide it using the Contact Us form.    The app may send information to the third party services listed   below.    Google Analytics - for usage monitoring  including your anonymized IP address and timestamped usage data. View Google's Privacy Policy  Google Analytics \u2013 for usage monitoring  including your anonymized\   \ IP address and timestamped usage data.    Admob by Google - for in-app advertising  including an advertising ID and interest & demographic categories. View Google's Privacy Policy  View Google's Privacy Policy Admob by Google \u2013 for in-app\   \ advertising  including an advertising ID and interest & demographic categories.    HockeyApp - for crash reporting and bug fixes  including your device specifications and crash logs. View HockeyApp's Privacy Policy  View Google's Privacy Policy HockeyApp \u2013 for crash reporting\   \ and bug fixes  including your device specifications and crash logs.    UserVoice - for the Contact Us form  including your device specifications and email address. View UserVoice's Privacy Policy  View HockeyApp's Privacy Policy UserVoice \u2013 for the \Contact\   \ Us\ form  including your device specifications and email address.    View UserVoice's Privacy Policy    Sharing of Information With the exception of anonymous data sent to the third parties mentioned above  we do not share your personal information without your consent (including your email address  if provided)  unless we are legally obligated to do so or believe it's needed to enforce our Terms of Service.  Opting Out Our usage monitoring and crash reporting services help us to fix bugs and improve the quality of the app. However  you may opt of of these services using the Do Not Track option on the Settings screen of the app. If you do so  your anonymous usage data will not be sent to Google Analytics  HockeyApp  or our servers.  Notes & Changes Tune Me is developed by Atonality Mobile  LLC  which operates in the United States. If you are using the app from outside the U.S.  you still agree to the collection of your information as described in this document.  We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do so  we will notify you by posting an announcement inside the app.  For questions and concerns  please email support@atonality.io. Thanks for using Tune Me!  