 'ZEN STUDIOS PRIVACY POLICY Applicable from: June 12  2015 ZEN Studios Software Developer Limited Liability Company including its affiliates (ZEN)  collects  stores  and uses your personal information as a data controller in connection with and in order to provide and develop ZEN''s products  mobile applications  services and websites (together ZEN Services) according to this privacy policy (Privacy Policy).'  For questions and information about Privacy Policy and data subject's rights  please contact us at info@zenstudios.com.  For information about our privacy practices related to data from children  please see Special Note About Children's Privacy below.  ALL ZEN SERVICES ARE GOVERNED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND BY USING OR ACCESSING ANY OF ZEN SERVICES YOU GIVE CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING  USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR DATA. PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE ZEN SERVICES IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  ZEN reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of ZEN Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.  '1. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR DATA Likely situations when you make personal data available to ZEN include  but are not limited to: (i) by using ZEN''s mobile apps or visiting our websites  (ii) registration for ZEN Services  contests and special events; (iii) accessing ZEN Services using a third party ID  such as social networking sites or gaming services; (iv) subscribing to newsletters; (v) purchasing a product or services through ZEN''s online stores or within the app (or in-app purchase); (vi) using tell a friend  email this page  or other similar features; (vii) opening a ZEN Account; (viii) requesting technical support; and (ix) otherwise through use of ZEN Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.'  'Likely situations when you make personal data available to ZEN   include  but are not limited to:'    accessing ZEN Services using a third party ID  such as social networking   sites or gaming services;    'The data we process on you may include  but is not limited to: email address  device ID  and IP-address.'  'The data we process on you may include  but is not limited to:   email address  device ID  and IP-address.'    ZEN may supplement your data with data received from third parties in connection with demographic  advertisement  market and other analytics surveys or services.  ZEN may supplement your data with data received from third parties   in connection with demographic  advertisement  market and other analytics surveys   or services.    2. AD-SERVING TECHNOLOGY ZEN reserves the right to use and disclose the collected  non-personal data for purposes of advertising by ZEN or ZEN's partners and contractors. ZEN may employ third party ad-serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through ZEN Services.  When you use the ZEN Services  we or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use demographic or other information collected directly from you and/or from third parties such as age and gender as well as information logged and/or collected from your device using cookies  web beacons and other technologies to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the ZEN Services and to calculate the number of unique and repeat views of advertising. This technology also controls the number of times you see a given ad  delivers ads that relate to your interests and measures the effectiveness of ad campaigns. ZEN or third parties operating the ad-serving technology may use demographic and geo-location information (for more information regarding use of Location Data see below Section 3) as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that relevant advertising is presented within the ZEN Service. ZEN or third parties may collect and use data  for such purposes  including but not limited to  data such as IP address  Device ID  MAC address  installed software  application usage data  hardware type  Operating System information  browser information  unique identifiers in browser cookies  Flash cookies  and HTML5 local storage  Internet and on-line usage information and in-game information. The foregoing data may be collected  used  stored and disclosed pursuant to this Privacy Policy providing the foregoing data may be disclosed to third parties participating in ad-serving technology in a form that does not personally identify you.  When you use the ZEN Services  we or third parties operating the   advertisement serving technology may use demographic or other information collected   directly from you and/or from third parties such as age and gender as well as   information logged and/or collected from your device using cookies  web beacons   and other technologies to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within   the ZEN Services and to calculate the number of unique and repeat views of advertising.    ZEN or third parties may collect and use data  for such purposes    including but not limited to  data such as IP address  Device ID  MAC address    installed software  application usage data  hardware type  Operating System   information  browser information  unique identifiers in browser cookies  Flash   cookies  and HTML5 local storage  Internet and on-line usage information and   in-game information.    ZEN or third parties operating the ad-serving technology may use   demographic and geo-location information (for more information regarding use   of Location Data see below Section 3) as well as information logged from your   hardware or device to ensure that relevant advertising is presented within the   ZEN Service.    ZEN may display to you behaviorally targeted advertising. If you wish to opt out of certain targeted advertising  please visit http://www.youradchoices.com and/or www.networkadvertising.org. Please note that the links above may not reach all ZEN's advertising partners and certain behaviorally targeted advertising may still be displayed to you. If you want to be certain that no behaviorally targeted advertisements are displayed to you  please do not use or access the ZEN Services.  Please note that if you opt out it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you.  Some services may include the use of in-game advertisements or brand placement. Such ads or sponsorships will be noted as such within the services.  3. LOCATION DATA To the extent ZEN makes location enabled ZEN Services available and you use such ZEN Services  ZEN may collect and process your location data to provide location related ZEN Services and advertisements. For example  some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations. The location data is processed and stored only for the duration that is required for the provision of the location related ZEN Services.  For example  some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated   locations.    The location data is processed and stored only for the duration   that is required for the provision of the location related ZEN Services.    To the extent ZEN makes location enabled ZEN Services available   and you use such ZEN Services  ZEN may collect and process your location data   to provide location related ZEN Services and advertisements.    ZEN may use  depending on the service (1)IP-based location based on the IP address presented by the end-user  (2) fine geo-location data based on coordinates obtained from a mobile device's GPS radio  or (3) coarse  network-based geo-location data based on proximity of network towers or the location of Wi-Fi networks.  IP-based location based on the IP address presented by the end-user     ZEN may use  depending on the service    coarse  network-based geo-location data based on proximity of network   towers or the location of Wi-Fi networks.    fine geo-location data based on coordinates obtained from a mobile   device's GPS radio  or    GPS-based geo-location is not accessed without your consent. Notwithstanding ZEN's partners who are providing location related parts of the ZEN Service  ZEN will not share your GPS geo-location with third parties without your consent. To the extent ZEN makes available GPS geo-location to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy  it will be provided anonymously.  GPS-based geo-location is not accessed without your consent.    4. ANALYTICS ZEN uses your information to perform its own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties. We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations  business intelligence  product development  improving products and services  personalizing content  providing advertising  and making recommendations. ZEN may also use third-parties in order to develop and analyze use of the ZEN Services.  5. FRIENDS If you choose to use ZEN's tell a friend or a similar service about ZEN Services or order a gift certificate for your friend  ZEN may store your friend's name and contact details that you provide to ZEN.  If you choose to use ZEN's tell a friend or a similar service   about ZEN Services or order a gift certificate for your friend  ZEN may store   your friend's name and contact details that you provide to ZEN.    Please note that certain features of the ZEN Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases  ZEN may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it  and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to ZEN. This information may include  but is not limited to  your name  profile picture  gender  user ID  email address  your country  your language  your time zone  the organizations and links on your profile page  the names and profile pictures of your social networking site friends and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. ZEN may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by ZEN and/or obtained through such social networking sites.  In such cases  ZEN may be able to collect certain information from   your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it    and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information   available to ZEN.    Please note that certain features of the ZEN Services may be able   to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information   about you.    This information may include  but is not limited to  your name    profile picture  gender  user ID  email address  your country  your language    your time zone  the organizations and links on your profile page  the names   and profile pictures of your social networking site friends and other information   you have included in your social networking site profile.    ZEN may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected   by ZEN and/or obtained through such social networking sites.    6. DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA Personal data may be disclosed to third parties including third parties located outside the European Union or the European Economic Area in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy.  ZEN may use third parties to collect and process personal data on ZEN's behalf and in according to ZEN's instructions. ZEN is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties  except as provided by mandatory law.  7. DATA RETENTION AND CORRECTNESS ZEN retains the collected data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter ZEN deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe. ZEN does not verify the correctness of personal data.  Please note that some data may be further retained if necessary to resolve disputes  enforce ZEN user agreements  and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security  integrity and operation of ZEN Services.  8. COOKIES  BEACONS AND TRACKING The ZEN Services may use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags  local shared objects  hardware-based device identifiers  Operating System-based identifiers  clear GIFs and web beacons. ZEN treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.  The ZEN Services may use cookies and other technologies such   as pixel tags  local shared objects  hardware-based device identifiers  Operating   System-based identifiers  clear GIFs and web beacons.    ZEN treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies   as non-personal data.    'Cookies: A cookie is a small file stored by your browser when told to do so by a website. Typically websites place a number of different cookies on an end-user''s machine. Some of the cookies are 1st Party  from the website itself  and others are 3rd party  belonging to advertising and analytics entities or social networks. ZEN''s cookies typically do not include personal data and are used to quickly identify your device and to remember your browser during subsequent visits for purposes of functionality  preferences  and website performance. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device; however  disabling cookies may affect your ability to use the ZEN Services.'  Some of the cookies are 1st Party  from the website itself  and   others are 3rd party  belonging to advertising and analytics entities or social   networks.    Typically websites place a number of different cookies on an end-user's   machine.    'Flash cookies & HTML5: ZEN may also use Flash cookies (local shared objects) and HTML5 local storage. Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies  but which are not stored in the browser and can also be used to remember your settings  to personalize the look and feel of the ZEN Services  or for advertising and analytics. You may prevent Flash cookies from being stored by following the instructions provided by Adobe at http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.'  ZEN may also use Flash cookies (local shared objects) and HTML5   local storage.    'Web Beacons and pixel tags: A web beacon or a pixel tag is an electronic image (often not visible to the end-user) that allows ZEN to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements. Additionally  e-mails and other electronic communications ZEN sends to you may contain pixel tags that enable ZEN to track your usage of the communication  including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed  if any.'  Additionally  e-mails and other electronic communications ZEN sends   to you may contain pixel tags that enable ZEN to track your usage of the communication    including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed    if any.    9. THIRD PARTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS Please note that your access to and use of the ZEN Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and ZEN is not liable for any such third parties' use of your personal data.  Please note that in accordance with the valid license agreements concluded by ZEN in some cases ZEN may be obliged to share with its licensors all and any user data (including personal data) that ZEN collects through any of the ZEN Services using the license provided by the licensor in the same form and format as such user data is actually collected.  Certain ZEN Services that ZEN may offer  such as multiplayer gaming  social networking and gaming console services  may use third party services to provide authentication for the ZEN Services with a gaming console ID  social networking ID  or gaming network account. In connection with such use  certain personally identifiable user and/or membership data may be transferred automatically to and from ZEN.  ZEN may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger  consolidation  restructuring  the sale of substantially all of ZEN's stock and/or assets or other corporate change  including  without limitation  during the course of any due diligence process provided  however  that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.  10. SAFEGUARDS ZEN follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security  integrity and privacy of the information in ZEN's possession.  11. OTHER You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the ZEN Services.  Any data that you disclose in any of these forums  blogs  chats or the like will become public information  and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality with respect to that data.  ZEN may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy.  12. SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN'S PRIVACY ZEN does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If ZEN learns that ZEN has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under 13 years of age  ZEN will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such personal data from ZEN's records.  ZEN understands the need to provide extra privacy protections to users who are children. To that end  features and services such as social networking plug-ins  behaviorally targeted advertising  and collection of data for the purpose of building user profiles are not available to users under 13. ZEN also does not allow our third party partners who engage in such practices to access personally identifiable data from users under 13.  ZEN and its partners do collect non-personally identifiable data from children. This includes  for example  collection of IP-based geolocation data to ensure that the product  service or features served comply with applicable laws of that nation.  This includes  for example  collection of IP-based geolocation   data to ensure that the product  service or features served comply with applicable   laws of that nation.    ZEN and its partners do collect non-personally identifiable data   from children.    ZEN and its partners also collect data to assess general information about the use of products  such as the number of visitors to our sites and services and which sections of a site or service are popular. ZEN also uses this data to provide contextually-relevant advertising to users  to prevent users from seeing the same ad repeatedly  and to allow users to personalize their experience on the site or service (for example  to save a high score in a game). ZEN and its partners may also use cookies  pixels  hardware-based identifiers  Operating System-based identifiers  and software-set identifiers  to manage and measure the performance of advertising.  ZEN and its partners may also use cookies  pixels  hardware-based   identifiers  Operating System-based identifiers  and software-set identifiers    to manage and measure the performance of advertising.    Please note that ZEN's partners may have their own policies related to tracking technologies for analytics and ad-serving purposes. ZEN persuades that companies comply with ZEN's privacy policy  nevertheless ZEN does not actually control third-party data collection and use. ZEN encourages parents to review the list of operators below and to become familiar with those parties policies and practices. Please note that the list of operators below is not fully comprehensive.  Please note that ZEN's partners may have their own policies related   to tracking technologies for analytics and ad-serving purposes.    Please note that the list of operators below is not fully comprehensive.    ZEN encourages parents to review the list of operators below and   to become familiar with those parties policies and practices.    ZEN persuades that companies comply with ZEN's privacy policy    nevertheless ZEN does not actually control third-party data collection and use.    http://www.adcolony.com/legal/privacy/ https://www.tapjoy.com/privacy.html http://www.supersonicads.com/about-us/privacy-policy http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html http://skillz.com/blog/privacy-policy/ 13. FURTHER INFORMATION This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.  ZEN makes good faith efforts to enable you to review  update or correct your personal data in ZEN's possession.  ZEN will need sufficient information from you to establish your identity and to verify your access request  and also to assist us in handling your request.  