 Contact us Send to >> General info Marketing Support Publishing Finance\ \ 6+7 P\xE4rnu mnt. 139A  11317 Tallinn  Estonia Reg. nr. 11617092  VAT ID: EE101406176\ \ info@creative-mobile.com Home Games Publishing Careers News Partnership About\ \ Home Games Publishing Careers News Partnership About  Privacy Policy Dear Visitor  Thank you for visiting and reviewing our privacy policy  which we  Creative Mobile O.U  a company organized and existing pursuant to the laws of the nation of Estonia  adopted as of August 17  2015 (Policy). The following Policy sets forth the manner in which we collect  store  use  and disclose certain information you and other users (Users) provide to us in the course of using our various Products and Services. Please take a moment to review the information below. We hope you find this informative. Should you have any questions  please do not hesitate to let us know.  INTRODUCTION Creative Mobile designs  develops  and publishes fun games for play on various computing devices including smartphones  tablet PCs  and traditional desktop computers with internet access. To provide our players with the best possible experience  we also offer certain related services such as providing forums  fan pages  and various promotions. For the purpose of this Policy  all of our products and related services  including the services recited above in this paragraph are referred to as Products and Services.  We recognize that our Users value their privacy  and we thus view the safeguarding of your private information as a serious matter. We encourage all of our users to carefully read this Policy before playing any of our games or using any other Products and Services. Please note that by downloading or installing a game  or by registering with us using any of our available platforms (including mobile  social media  or otherwise)  or using any of our Products and Services  you consent to our collection  storage  use  or disclosure of your information according to this Policy.  Please also review our Terms of Use which governs your use of our Products and Services. Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Policy shall have the meaning given herein or in the Terms of Use.  This Policy will remain in full force and effect  even if your use of our Products and Services  features  functions or promotional activities terminates  expires  ceases  is suspended or deactivated for any reason. If you do not agree with this Policy  please do not use any of our Products or Services.  This Policy applies regardless of the computing device you use to access our Products and Services and whether you are accessing such Products and Services as a registered user or otherwise. This Policy governs only the information collected by us and does not cover any other information collected in any other manner or collected by any other entity  unless specifically stated herein. We may combine your information with other information we collect from other sources  such as information received from our affiliated companies  marketing companies or advertisers  and if we do so  our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Policy.  'We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. Such changes  modifications  additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof  which may be given by means including  but not limited to posting an updated privacy policy in place of this one on this page. In addition  certain modifications or other communications may be sent to you via email. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid e-mail address as a registered user  review this Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued use of our Product and Services after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Policy.'  In addition  certain modifications or other communications may   be sent to you via email.    Such changes  modifications  additions or deletions shall be effective   immediately upon notice thereof  which may be given by means including  but   not limited to posting an updated privacy policy in place of this one on this   page.    We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time.    You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to maintain   a valid e-mail address as a registered user  review this Policy periodically   and to be aware of any modifications.    'Your continued use of our Product and Services after such modifications   will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Policy; and (b) agreement   to abide and be bound by the modified Policy.'    'As used in Policy  Creative Mobile refers to Creative Mobile O.U  and any of its subsidiaries. Creative Mobile may also be referred to herein as We or Us. This Privacy Policy our privacy practices  including the following regarding your use of the Products and Services: 1. What type of information do we collect? 2. What specific information do we collect and where do we collect information?'  3. How do we use collected information? 4. With whom do we share collected information? 5. What are your choices regarding collection  use and distribution of your information?  6. How can you update  correct  or delete your Personally Identifiable Information?  7. What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss  misuse  or alteration of your information?  8. Do we use cookies? 9. What should you know about privacy policies and data collection at any third party websites accessible from our Products and Services?  10. How are links treated? 11. Is information from children collected? 12. What else should you know regarding privacy online? 13. Miscellaneous items.  1. WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? To best provide you with our Products and Services  we collect two types of information about our Users known as (a) Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and (b) Non-Personally Identifiable Information (NPII) PII and NPII is collectively referred to herein as Information. Our primary goal in collecting Information from you is to provide you with a smooth  efficient  and customized experience.  A. Personally Identifiable Information. This refers to information that may be used to ascertain an individual's identity. When you engage in certain activities related to our Products and Services  such as registering for a membership  ordering a product or service  submitting content and/or posting content in discussion forums or other public areas  entering a contest or sweepstakes  filling out a survey  or sending us feedback  we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting one or more online forms. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. Depending upon the activity  some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity  you will not be able to engage in that activity.  B. Non-Personally Identifiable Information. This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about Users in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Web site's Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that you just came from  which URL you go to next  what browser you are using  and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network  such as the World Wide Web. Networks like the Web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words  an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web  allowing web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet. This information may further include locational data transmitted via your mobile device's beacon  GPS  or Wi-Fi signals.  This information may further include locational data transmitted   via your mobile device's beacon  GPS  or Wi-Fi signals.    This information may include the Web site's Uniform Resource Locator   (URL) that you just came from  which URL you go to next  what browser you   are using  and your Internet Protocol (IP) address.    We gather certain information about Users in several ways.    'We share data we collect about you including unique identification numbers associated with mobile devices (including  for example  a Unique ID for Advertisers (IDFA)  Unique ID for Vendors (IDFV)  Google Ad ID  or Windows Advertising ID)  mobile carrier  device type  model and manufacturer  mobile device operating system brand and model  and  depending on the user''s mobile device settings  the geographical location data  including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of the mobile device (User Data)  device-specific information  such as the hardware model  operating system version  advertising identifier  unique application identifiers  unique device identifiers browser type  language  wireless network  and mobiile network information (including the mobile phone number) with our third party partners  that enables us to use Bluetooth beacons to provide you with information or offers specific to your location and interests. By accepting our terms of service  you consent to the collection  storage and processing of your data by our third party partners for the purposes of: (i) providing or improving their services; (ii) enabling third parties to assist us and the retailer and venues (in which the beacons are located) in better serving and understanding our users; and (iii) sharing your data with third parties so they can provide or enable the provision of content  offers or other marketing solutions that may be of interest to you. You also consent to having your data transferred to and processed in your or any other jurisdiction in which our third party partners or their parent  subsidiaries  affiliates  service providers or partners maintain facilities. If you do not consent to the collection and transfer of the aforementioned data through the identification of your mobile device  we recommend that you: (a) delete our app or adjust the in-app settings of the app; or (b) delete the applicable mobile advertiser ID by limiting ad tracking on the device.'  We share data we collect about you including unique identification   numbers associated with mobile devices (including  for example  a Unique ID   for Advertisers (IDFA)  Unique ID for Vendors (IDFV)  Google Ad ID  or Windows   Advertising ID)  mobile carrier  device type  model and manufacturer  mobile   device operating system brand and model  and  depending on the user's mobile   device settings  the geographical location data  including GPS coordinates (e.g.    latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the   location of the mobile device (User Data)  device-specific information  such   as the hardware model  operating system version  advertising identifier  unique   application identifiers  unique device identifiers browser type  language  wireless   network  and mobile network information (including the mobile phone number)   with our third party partners  that enables us to use Bluetooth beacons to provide   you with information or offers specific to your location and interests.    'Information from Use of our Services. We also collect/compile non-personally identifiable information from Users of our Services. Non-personally identifiable information is information that usually cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity  and may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address  unique device identifiers  anonymous IDs for advertising  operating system  mobile network information  browser type  existing applications  browsing activity and non-precise device location information (e.g.  city or region).'  'Non-personally identifiable information is information that usually   cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity  and may   include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address  unique device identifiers  anonymous   IDs for advertising  operating system  mobile network information  browser type    existing applications  browsing activity and non-precise device location information   (e.g.  city or region).'    We also collect/compile non-personally identifiable information   from Users of our Services.    We enable you to send messages to other Users in the community. We ordinarily don't read the content of these messages unless we reasonably believe the Service is being misused or as required by law; we keep track of the number of messages sent and similar information to keep our Services running smoothly. We also enable you to 'friend'; other members of the our community  and records which members of the community you've friended  which our groups you've joined  and what pieces of content you've uploaded via the Services.  By visiting  accessing or otherwise using the Product and Services  you affirmatively consent to our collection and use of Information in accordance with the terms of this Policy.  2. WHAT SPECIFIC INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHERE DO WE COLLECT IT?  A. User Registration. If you elect to become a registered user by creating one or more user accounts in connection with any of our Products and Services  we may require you to provide certain information including your birth date  your first and last name  email address  physical address  Facebook username or Twitter handle  and your selected password.  If you elect to become a registered user by creating one or more   user accounts in connection with any of our Products and Services  we may require   you to provide certain information including your birth date  your first and   last name  email address  physical address  Facebook username or Twitter handle    and your selected password.    User Registration.    'B. Profile Creation. We may also offer Users the option to complete  or import from a third party social network  a user profile that is visible to other users. Such User profiles may include: a profile photo; one or more game username(s); gender; biographic details; links to third party social media profiles; details about the games Users play or services Users use  and a User ID'  'Such User profiles may include: a profile photo; one or more game   username(s); gender; biographic details; links to third party social media profiles;   details about the games Users play or services Users use  and a User ID'    We may also offer Users the option to complete  or import from   a third party social network  a user profile that is visible to other users.    The User ID used to identify your account and profile may be public and will appear in the URL of your profile page  but will only permit access to information that is considered public or that you have designate as public in your settings. First and last names  and profile pictures are considered public. Third party search engines may index this publicly available information.  C. Third Party Websites. When you use any our Products and Services on or with an association with a third party social network such as Facebook or Google + or any other compatible social networks  you allow Us to access certain information from your profile for that social network. You may adjust the information we can access by making corresponding changes in the social network's privacy settings. You can control and find out more about these settings at the third party social network where you play our games.  By using any of our Products and Services in a manner that interacts with any third party social network  you agree to authorize Us to collect  store  and use in accordance with this Policy any and all information that you agreed the social networks could provide to Us through an Application Programming Interface (API).  D. Contact Sharing and Importation. We may also offer you the ability to import your address book contacts  third party social network contacts  or manually enter e-mail addresses. We will store those contacts for purposes of helping you and your contacts make connections using our Products and Services.  We may also offer you the ability to import your address book contacts    third party social network contacts  or manually enter e-mail addresses.    E. Gameplay. If you play Our games on your mobile phone  tablet PCs  or PCs  We collect certain device identifiers  including MAC Address  and IP Address. In certain games  We will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device  device type  telephone number  country  and any other information you choose to provide  such as user name  character name  geo-location or e-mail address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the Service.  If you play Our games on your mobile phone  tablet PCs  or PCs    We collect certain device identifiers  including MAC Address  and IP Address.    In certain games  We will create and assign to your device an identifier   that is similar to an account number.    We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends   to join you in the Service.    We may collect the name you have associated with your device  device   type  telephone number  country  and any other information you choose to provide    such as user name  character name  geo-location or e-mail address.    F. Payment. If you purchase a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items directly from Us  We may collect the billing and financial information necessary to process your charges  which may include your postal and e-mail addresses. We may also receive the billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by a third party  such as Facebook  Google  Apple  PayPal  MoPay  or your telephone or internet service or data provider. Our Terms of Service explain our policies and terms relevant to our charges and billing practices. Please note that purchases of third party credits or fictional currencies may be subject to additional policies.  F. Payment.    If you purchase a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual   items directly from Us  We may collect the billing and financial information   necessary to process your charges  which may include your postal and e-mail   addresses.    Our Terms of Service explain our policies and terms relevant to   our charges and billing practices.    Please note that purchases of third party credits or fictional   currencies may be subject to additional policies.    We may also receive the billing and payment information that you   provide when your purchase is processed by a third party  such as Facebook    Google  Apple  PayPal  MoPay  or your telephone or internet service or data   provider.    G. Support. When Users ask for assistance from our Customer Support team  We will collect and store the contact information Users provide (generally User ID  name and contact information such as an e-mail address)  information about your game play or activity on the Service  and your user ID. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within.  When Users ask for assistance from our Customer Support team  We   will collect and store the contact information Users provide (generally User   ID  name and contact information such as an e-mail address)  information about   your game play or activity on the Service  and your user ID.    H. Contests  Sweepstakes and Surveys. In order to participate in certain contests  sweepstakes or surveys  there may be a separate registration process which may require the submission of both PII and NPII. We will use the Information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (for example  to contact you if you have won). You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers from our advertisers as a result of your use of our Products and Services.  I. Information Collected Through Automatic Data Collection. In addition  we may also collect  or our third party ad server and/or content server may collect  certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information. This may include information about the physical location of your device  and time and date information used to identify the length of time spent within a given physical location. This information is ultimately stored in the form of store categories  and  in some cases  specific URLs. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers  software  to administer our services and to gather demographic information. Our third party ad servers will also provide us with summary  but not individual  reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked upon.  In addition  we may also collect  or our third party ad server   and/or content server may collect  certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information.    Information Collected Through Automatic Data Collection.    This may include information about the physical location of your   device  and time and date information used to identify the length of time spent   within a given physical location.    We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers  software    to administer our services and to gather demographic information.    When you access our websites  fan forums  or play our games  We collect (i) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system  including MAC Address  IP Address  beacon data  GPS data  Wi-Fi signal data  and mobile device ID; and (ii) usage statistics about your interactions with the Service. This information is typically collected through the use of server log files or web log files (Log Files)  mobile device software development kits and tracking technologies like browser cookies to collect and analyze certain types of technical information. Some of the cookies the Service places on your computer are linked to your user ID(s).  Some of the cookies the Service places on your computer are linked   to your user ID(s).    This information is typically collected through the use of server   log files or web log files (Log Files)  mobile device software development   kits and tracking technologies like browser cookies to collect and analyze certain   types of technical information.    When you access our websites  fan forums  or play our games  We   collect (i) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer   system  including MAC Address  IP Address  beacon data  GPS data  Wi-Fi signal   data  and mobile device ID    In addition to the manner set forth above  We may also collect information from you at other points wherein We that state that such information is being collected.  3. HOW DO WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION? We primarily use the Information to provide our Products and Services to you  as required by our agreements with you. We also use Information to enhance the operation of our Products and Services  fill User requests  improve our marketing and promotional efforts  statistically analyze product use  improve our product and service offerings  and customize our content  layout  and services. We may use Information to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. We may also use Information to resolve disputes  troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreements with you  including our Terms of Use  this Private Policy  and any other applicable terms and conditions.  Specific uses of PII include: \u2022 Contacting User regarding the\ \ administration of any features or functions of our Products and Services; \u2022\ \ Sending User promotional emails or SMS messages; \u2022 Allowing User to participate\ \ in fan community features; \u2022 Responding to User questions or other requests;\ \ \u2022 Tailoring User gaming experience; \u2022 Saving User ID or other Information\ \ (so you don't have to re-enter it each time you use our Products and Services);\ \ \u2022 To create your game accounts and allow play of our games; \u2022 Enable\ \ User communication; \u2022 Notifying Users of updates and in-game achievements;\ \ \u2022 To prevent or potentially illegal activities  and enforce our Terms of\ \ Service; \u2022 For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide us with\ \ Information.  Specific uses of your NPII include: \u2022 Tracking User visits;\ \ \u2022 Tracking User locational information such as physical areas visited \ \ the data of such visits  and length of time spent dwelling in such areas; \u2022\ \ For research purposes  for marketing/promotional purposes and/or to provide\ \ anonymous reporting for internal and external clients or licensors; \u2022 Accumulating\ \ and reporting aggregate  statistical information in connection with User activity;\ \ \u2022 Determining which features and services Users like best to help us operate\ \ our Products and Services  enhance and improve our services and display advertising\ \ and marketing information; \u2022 Tailoring your gaming experience; \u2022 Saving\ \ certain NPII for use on your return visits; \u2022 For the uses described for\ \ \Personally Identifiable Information\ above; \u2022 For other purposes disclosed\ \ at the time you provide us with the Non-Personally Identifiable Information.  Specific uses of your NPII include: \u2022 Tracking User visits;\   \ \u2022 Tracking User locational information such as physical areas visited \   \ the data of such visits  and length of time spent dwelling in such areas;\   \ \u2022 For research purposes  for marketing/promotional purposes and/or to\   \ provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients or licensors;\   \ \u2022 Accumulating and reporting aggregate  statistical information in connection\   \ with User activity; \u2022 Determining which features and services Users like\   \ best to help us operate our Products and Services  enhance and improve our\   \ services and display advertising and marketing information; \u2022 Tailoring\   \ your gaming experience; \u2022 Saving certain NPII for use on your return\   \ visits; \u2022 For the uses described for \Personally Identifiable Information\\   \ above; \u2022 For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide us with\   \ the Non-Personally Identifiable Information.    4. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE COLLECTED INFORMATION? A. General Disclosure. Generally  we do not sell  rent  lease or disclose your PII to third parties  except if you consent to such disclosure or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to use and/or sell any aggregated data (NPII) we collect in connection with your use of our Products and Services. We may disclose PII to our affiliated companies for marketing and/or administrative purposes. You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described herein. We may share NPII with third parties  but we do not disclose PII to them except as described in this Policy.  B. Co-Branded Services and Features. We may offer co-branded services and features  such as events or Promotions provided by us and/or our affiliated companies or other third party partners. We may share your PII with such co-branded partners and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmative consent to collect any information provided in connection with the specific co-branded feature or service and to use such information for the fulfillment of the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes. The co-branded partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service. If you wish to opt-out of a co-branded partner's future use of your Personally Identifiable Information for marketing purposes  you will need to contact the co-branded partner directly as the use of such information by a co-branded partner is subject to the co-branded partner's privacy policy.  C. Disclosure of Certain Information in User Postings Intended to Be Disclosed. Certain Personally Identifiable Information associated with a User forum posting or social media comment may be intended for disclosure  such as your username. We will disclose any such PII in connection with the display of  and other services relating to  such User posting  and by submitting a User posting in connection with any of our Products and Services you affirmatively consent to the distribution of your PII as described herein.  D. Third Party Service Providers. We also reserve the right to disclose PII and other information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining our Products and Services  and related features  functions and operations. We will refer to these third parties as Third Party Service Providers. We use Third Party Service Providers to efficiently provide the full range of content  activities  services  features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to Third Party Service Providers for the purpose of providing services to us. These Third Party service providers may temporarily store some information on their servers  but they may only use your Personal Information to provide Us with a specific service and not for any other purpose.  E. Other Third Parties. Other than as set forth in this Policy  we do not share your PII with third parties  apart from those acting as our agents in providing our Products and Services to you  which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep it secure and confidential. Also  please be aware that our affiliated companies  including all their respective business units  subsidiaries  affiliates and sites  entities into which our companies may be merged  or entities to which any of our assets  products  sites or operations may be transferred  may obtain from us and be able to use your PII . We may share your NPII with third parties that use this data for the purpose of reselling data to third parties. Information provided to such data resellers is limited to NPII.  F. Statistical Analysis. We may also provide NPII about our customers' sales  traffic patterns  physical location using geo-locational data  dates and times during a location was visited  time spent dwelling in such locations  and related information to third party advertisers  advertising platforms  data resellers  and advertising service providers. But these statistics do not include any PII.  We may also provide NPII about our customers' sales  traffic patterns    physical location using geo-locational data  dates and times during a location   was visited  time spent dwelling in such locations  and related information   to third party advertisers  advertising platforms  data resellers  and advertising   service providers.    'G. Additional Disclosures. There may be instances when we may access or disclose Information without providing you a choice  including in the following circumstances: (1) to protect or defend Our legal rights or property  our affiliated companies or their employees  agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (2) to protect the safety and security of Our Products and Services and our Users; (3) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (4) if we believe your actions violate the Terms of Use  this Privacy Policy  any Rules and/or additional applicable terms or conditions; or (5) to comply with law or legal process. In addition  if We sell all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business  We may transfer your Information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of such transaction.'  5. WHAT ARE YOUR CHOICES REGARDING COLLECTION  USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF YOUR INFORMATION?  A. Opting out. At times  you may be presented with the option of whether to receive certain marketing and promotional communications from Us and others that we think will be of interest to you. Recipients of such communications can unsubscribe by either following the specific instructions included in such communications or you may 'opt-out' of receiving marketing and promotional emails from us at any time by sending an email to us at privacy@Creative-mobile.com detailing your privacy request. Please note  however  that in order to keep you informed about the operation of our Products and Services  we may always send you emails and announcements that are needed for the proper functioning and administration of our Products and Services. We may also have features that allow you to submit information  questions or feedback to us. In those instances  we may retain your emails and other information you submit to us for our internal purposes  and to help us to serve you better.  B. Changing your privacy preferences. You may change your privacy preferences by making corresponding changes in the third party social network account which you use to play our game.  6. HOW CAN YOU UPDATE  CORRECT  OR DELETE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?  'We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the PII that you have provided to us. You may change any of your PII in your account online at any. You may also access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by writing us at: Creative Mobile O.U.'  'Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer Parnu mnt 139a  11317 Tallinn  Estonia privacy@Creative-mobile.com Please include your name  address  and/or e-mail address when you contact us.'  'Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer Parnu mnt 139a  11317 Tallinn    Estonia privacy@Creative-mobile.com Please include your name  address  and/or   e-mail address when you contact us.'    We encourage you to promptly update your PII if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however  because we keep track of past transactions  you cannot delete information associated with past transactions. In addition  it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.  7. WHAT SECURITY PRECAUTIONS ARE IN PLACE TO PROTECT AGAINST THE LOSS  MISUSE  OR ALTERATION OF YOUR INFORMATION?  The importance of security for all PII associated with our Users is of utmost concern to us. Your PII is secured consistent with current industry standard and is protected in several ways. Access by you to your PII is available through a password and unique User ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU DO NOT DIVULGE YOUR PASSWORD TO ANYONE.  In addition  your PII resides on a secure server that only selected company personnel and contractors have access to via password. We encrypt your PII and thereby prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to us.  In order to most efficiently serve you  any credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking  processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order.  'Unfortunately  no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be completely and 100% secure. As a result  while we strive to protect your PII  you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security  integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.'  8. DO WE USE COOKIES? Our Products and Services  as well as those of third parties may use cookies (which are small data files containing information about you that are stored on your hard drive)  embedded scripts  and other similar tracking technologies (collectively  'Tracking Technologies') to collect NPII automatically as you interact with the various Products and Services. Some cookies are used to make login to our Products and Services easier (such as by remembering your User ID). Cookies also enable us to track your interaction with Us and target your interests to enhance your gaming experience (e.g.  for tracking your sessions  etc.). We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect 'clickstream' data  such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access  the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet  your browser type and version  operating system and platform  the average time spent using our Products and Services  pages viewed  content searched for  access times and other relevant statistics  and assign unique identifiers to the Device you use to access the Products and Services for the same purposes. Your PII is not collected as part of this process. However  we may associate the information obtained through these Tracking Technologies with your PII so we can better customize your gaming experience and provide tailored advertisements and promotions related to your specific interests. By using our Products and Services  whether as a registered user or otherwise  you acknowledge  understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of our Products and Services as described in this Policy.  By using our Products and Services  whether as a registered user   or otherwise  you acknowledge  understand and hereby agree that you are giving   us your consent to track your activities and your use of our Products and Services   as described in this Policy.    Cookies also enable us to track your interaction with Us and target   your interests to enhance your gaming experience (e.g.  for tracking your sessions    etc.).    DO WE USE COOKIES?    However  we may associate the information obtained through these   Tracking Technologies with your PII so we can better customize your gaming experience   and provide tailored advertisements and promotions related to your specific   interests.    Our Products and Services  as well as those of third parties may   use cookies (which are small data files containing information about you that   are stored on your hard drive)  embedded scripts  and other similar tracking   technologies (collectively  'Tracking Technologies') to collect NPII automatically   as you interact with the various Products and Services.    Some cookies are used to make login to our Products and Services   easier (such as by remembering your User ID).    We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect 'clickstream'   data  such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access    the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet    your browser type and version  operating system and platform  the average time   spent using our Products and Services  pages viewed  content searched for  access   times and other relevant statistics  and assign unique identifiers to the Device   you use to access the Products and Services for the same purposes.    Your PII is not collected as part of this process.    We may also use a variety of third party advertising networks  data exchanges  traffic measurement service providers  marketing analytics service providers and other third parties to  for example  serve advertisements  facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or User traffic. Such services may enable us to display advertisements based on your Product and Service use. Targeting services enable us to  among other things  help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in  to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.  9. WHAT SHOULD YOU KNOW ABOUT PRIVACY POLICIES AND DATA COLLECTION AT ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITES ACCESSIBLE FROM OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES?  Except as otherwise discussed in this Policy  this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information We collect from you. Other sites accessible through our Products and Services have their own privacy policies and data collection  use and disclosure practices. Please consult each such site's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Additionally  other companies which place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.  10. HOW ARE LINKS TREATED? Our Products and Services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies  and may also feature advertisements from other third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with our Products and Services or for the privacy practices of third party internet advertising companies. Once you click such a link  access a third party application (such as widgets) or click on an advertisement  you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site to determine  among other things  how they will handle any personally identifiable or other information that they may collect from you.  '11. IS INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN COLLECTED? WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF THIRTEEN (13) WITHOUT APPROPRIATE PARENTAL NOTICE AND CONSENT. PLEASE VISIT THE FOLLOWING WEBSITE FOR INFORMATION FROM THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION ABOUT PROTECTING CHILDREN''S PRIVACY ONLINE: 12. WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU KNOW REGARDING PRIVACY ONLINE? You should also be aware that when PII is voluntarily disclosed (i.e. your name  e-mail address  etc.) in the discussion forums or other public areas  that information  along with any information disclosed in your communication  can be collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from third parties. Such activities are beyond our control and this Policy does not apply to such information. Any submissions to chat rooms or other public areas are accepted with the understanding that they are accessible to all third parties. If you do not want your comments to be viewed by third parties  you are advised not to make any submissions. Ultimately  you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and/or account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you''re online.'  13. MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS.  From time to time we may modify this Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law  our Information collection and use practices  Our features  or technology  and such modifications shall be effective upon posting. Your continued use of Our Products and Services after we post a revised Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If we materially change our practices regarding collection or use of your PII  your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of  and have not objected to  the change.  It is your responsibility to give us current  complete  truthful and accurate information  including PII  and to keep such information up to date. We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate  truthful or complete Information or you fail to update such Information. We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false  fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.  This document is the sole statement of Our Privacy Policy and no summary  restatement or other version thereof  or other privacy statement or policy  in any form  including  without limitation  machine-generated  is valid.  'This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy  Our practices  or your dealings with Us  please contact us by sending a letter or email to: Creative Mobile O.U Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer Parnu mnt 139a  11317 Tallinn  Estonia privacy@Creative-mobile.com Games Games News Support'  Business Press Partnership Careers  About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy  P\xE4rnu mnt. 139A  11317 Tallinn  Estonia Reg. nr. 11617092  VAT\ \ ID: EE101406176 info@creative-mobile.com \xA9 2010 - 2017 CREATIVE-MOBILE  We do not share data we collect about you with advertising networks including unique identification numbers associated with mobile devices (including  for example  a Unique ID for Advertisers (IDFA)  Unique ID for Vendors (IDFV)  Google Ad ID  or Windows Advertising ID)  mobile carrier  device type  model and manufacturer  mobile device operating system brand and model  and  depending on the user's mobile device settings  the geographical location data  including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of the mobile device (User Data)  device-specific information  such as the hardware model  operating system version  advertising identifier  unique application identifiers  unique device identifiers browser type  language  wireless network  mobile network information (including the mobile phone number)  ad Bluetooth beacons.  We do not share data we collect about you with advertising networks   including unique identification numbers associated with mobile devices (including    for example  a Unique ID for Advertisers (IDFA)  Unique ID for Vendors (IDFV)    Google Ad ID  or Windows Advertising ID)  mobile carrier  device type  model   and manufacturer  mobile device operating system brand and model  and  depending   on the user's mobile device settings  the geographical location data  including   GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding   the location of the mobile device (User Data)  device-specific information    such as the hardware model  operating system version  advertising identifier    unique application identifiers  unique device identifiers browser type  language    wireless network  mobile network information (including the mobile phone number)    ad Bluetooth beacons.    Information Collected Through Automatic Data Collection. In addition  we also do not collect  and our third party ad servers and/or content servers do not collect  certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information. ... We do not use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers  software  to administer our services and to gather demographic information.  Information Collected Through Automatic Data Collection. In addition    we also do not collect  and our third party ad servers and/or content servers   do not collect  certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information. ... We do not   use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers  software  to administer   our services and to gather demographic information.    In certain games  we will not create and assign to you an identifier.  In certain games  we will not create and assign to you an identifier.    We never access your contacts.  We never access your contacts.    If you play Our games on your mobile phone  tablet PCs  or PCs  we do not collect any device identifiers  including MAC Address  and IP Address.  If you play Our games on your mobile phone  tablet PCs  or PCs    we do not collect any device identifiers  including MAC Address  and IP Address.    Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We do not gather information about Users. Information we do not collect includes the Web site's Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that you just came from  which URL you go to next  what browser you are using  and your Internet Protocol (IP) address.  Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We do not gather information   about Users. Information we do not collect includes the Web site's Uniform Resource   Locator (URL) that you just came from  which URL you go to next  what browser   you are using  and your Internet Protocol (IP) address.    Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We never gather information about Users. No information about locational data is transmitted via your mobile device's beacon  GPS  or Wi-Fi signals.  Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We never gather information   about Users. No information about locational data is transmitted via your mobile   device's beacon  GPS  or Wi-Fi signals.    We do not offer you the ability to import your address book contacts  third party social network contacts  or manually enter e-mail addresses.  We do not offer you the ability to import your address book contacts    third party social network contacts  or manually enter e-mail addresses.    No Automatic Data Collection. In addition  our apps and our third party ad server and/or content servers do not collect  certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information. This may include information about the Wi-Fi location of your device  and time and date information used to identify the length of time spent within a given physical location.  No Automatic Data Collection. In addition  our apps and our third   party ad server and/or content servers do not collect  certain Non-Personally   Identifiable Information. This may include information about the Wi-Fi location   of your device  and time and date information used to identify the length of   time spent within a given physical location.    We do not provide NPII about our customers' sales  traffic patterns  physical location using geo-locational data  dates and times during a location was visited  time spent dwelling in such locations  and related information to third party advertisers  advertising platforms  data resellers  and advertising service providers.  We do not provide NPII about our customers' sales  traffic patterns    physical location using geo-locational data  dates and times during a location   was visited  time spent dwelling in such locations  and related information   to third party advertisers  advertising platforms  data resellers  and advertising   service providers.    'We do not offer Users the option to complete  or import from a third party social network  such as Facebook  a user profile that is visible to other users. Such User profiles may include: a profile photo; one or more game username(s); gender; biographic details; links to third party social media profiles; details about the games Users play or services Users use  and a User ID'  'We do not offer Users the option to complete  or import from a   third party social network  such as Facebook  a user profile that is visible   to other users. Such User profiles may include: a profile photo; one or more   game username(s); gender; biographic details; links to third party social media   profiles; details about the games Users play or services Users use  and a User   ID'    We are not collecting the name you have associated with your device  device type  telephone number  country  and any other information you choose not to provide  such as user name  character name  geo-location or e-mail address.  We are not collecting the name you have associated with your device    device type  telephone number  country  and any other information you choose   not to provide  such as user name  character name  geo-location or e-mail address.    We do not obtain certain information including your birth date  your first and last name  email address  physical address  Facebook username or Twitter handle  and your selected password.  We do not obtain certain information including your birth date    your first and last name  email address  physical address  Facebook username   or Twitter handle  and your selected password.    