 'Features | Download | Support Press | Contact | Business | Blog Privacy Policy for Dolphin Browser Last modified: June 9  2014 Your privacy is extremely important to us at MoboTap  Inc. (MoboTap  we  or us ). At MoboTap  we respect and protect the privacy of our customers and those who use our products and services. We have prepared this Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) to explain how MoboTap collects and uses information about users of dolphin.com and dolphin-browser.com (the Website)  the services  features and content offered by MoboTap (the Services) and any version of the Dolphin Browser and any other mobile applications provided by MoboTap (together with the Website and the Services  the Application). By using the Website  Services or Application  you unconditionally consent to and agree to be bound by all of the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not unconditionally agree with all of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy  you may not download the Dolphin Browser or use any of the Applications.'  Changes to this Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes will be reflected on this page. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy on our Website  we will include the date when the Privacy Policy was last updated. If we make any material changes in the way we use your Personal Information (as defined below)  we will notify you through the standard mechanisms by which MoboTap communicates with its users and community  such as Mobotap's announce mailing list and newsgroup and/or by posting notice of the changes on our Website. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of a notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Website. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Website  Services or Application. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information to provide us with your most current e-mail or phone number. In the event that the last e-mail address or phone number that you have provided us is not valid  or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above  our dispatch of the notice will nonetheless constitute effective communication of the changes described in the notice. In any event  changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Information that you provided to us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Information  you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account (Account) with us. Continued use of the Website  Services or Application following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.  Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating   your Personal Information to provide us with your most current e-mail or phone   number.    A Note about Children Mobotap's products and services are not intended for use by individuals under the age of thirteen (13)  and we request that such individuals do not provide Personal Information through our Website  Services or Application.  A Note to Users Outside of the United States. Your Personal Information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries  including the United States  where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. You hereby consent to the collection and processing of your Personal Information as stated above.  Types of Information Personal Information is information that you provide to us that personally identifies you  such as your name  phone number or email address. Except as described below  MoboTap does not collect or require users of the Website  Services or Application to provide Personal Information.  \Personal Information\\_is information that you provide to us\   \ that personally identifies you  such as your name  phone number or email address.    Except as described below  MoboTap does not collect or require   users of the Website  Services or Application to provide Personal Information.    'Non-Personal Information is information that cannot be directly associated with a specific person or entity. Non-Personal Information includes but is not limited to your computer''s configuration and the version of Application that you use.'  'Potentially Personal Information is information that is Non-Personal Information in and of itself  but that could be used in conjunction with other information to personally identify you. For example  Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) (the addresses of web pages) or Internet Protocol (IP) addresses (the addresses of computers on the Internet)  which are Non-Personal Information in and of themselves  could be Personal Information when combined with Internet service provider (ISP) records.'  'Potentially Personal Information is information that is Non-Personal   Information in and of itself  but that could be used in conjunction with other   information to personally identify you.'    For example  Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) (the addresses   of web pages) or Internet Protocol (IP) addresses (the addresses of computers   on the Internet)  which are Non-Personal Information in and of themselves  could   be Personal Information when combined with Internet service provider (ISP)   records.    'Aggregate Data is information that is recorded about users and collected into groups so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user.'  Information the Application Sends to Websites and ISPs The Application  like other web browsers  sends Non-Personal Information and Potentially Personal Information to the websites you visit when requested by such website. This may include the type of browser you are using  the type of device you are using (desktop or mobile)  your language preference  the referring site  and your IP address. This information may be logged by the websites you visit and the internet service provider (ISP) you use. What information is logged and how that information is used varies based on the policies of each individual website you visit and the ISPs you use.  The Application  like other web browsers  sends Non-Personal Information   and Potentially Personal Information to the websites you visit when requested   by such website.    This may include the type of browser you are using  the type of   device you are using (desktop or mobile)  your language preference  the referring   site  and your IP address.    Each website determines its own privacy practices for the distribution and use of this Non- Personal Information and Potentially Personal Information. If you care about how a website will use this information  you should check the privacy policy for that website.  Information we collect when you use the Application You do not need to provide any Personal Information in order to download and use the Application. When you download the Application or use the Application  Website or the Services  we receive only standard Non-Personal Information that web browsers typically make available  such as the browser type  language preference  referring site  and the date and time of each visitor request. MoboTap's purpose for collecting Non-Personal Information is to better understand how MoboTap's visitors use the Application. From time to time  MoboTap may release Non-Personally Information in the aggregate  e.g.  by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its Website.  MoboTap has and may from time to time partner with third party service providers (such as search result providers  advertising partners  etc.) to directly integrate or bundle certain features and services into or with the Application  which may or may not include switching default search result providers  in order to make your online experiences more convenient  richer and more personalized. Such third party services providers may collect information  and inform you about what information it collects  in accordance with its own terms of service  privacy policy  and other applicable policies. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy  you hereby authorize us to pass certain information to such third party service providers. For example  any information you include in a search query will be passed along to the applicable third party search result provider; such information may include Personal Information to the extent that you include any such information in your search query or otherwise provide such information to the third party service provider directly. You acknowledge and agree that MoboTap shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party site or service or provider that may be used or enabled in the Application  including without limitation  Yahoo or any other search result provider. If you are using a version of the Application enabled with Yahoo search results  we encourage you to review the Yahoo terms of service located at https://info.yahoo.com/terms/us/yahoo/ and privacy policy located at https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/ in addition to any other relevant terms made available by Yahoo from time to time. Some of the web search services provided herein are provided by Trovi Search and powered by Trovi search partners. For information on the web search services data collection  please visit http://info.trovi.com/Privacy  and the search provider's privacy policy  as applicable.  'In addition  some Application features/services may send limited additional information to MoboTap including: Search URL: This is Non-Personal Information. When you type URLs or queries in the address bar  the letters you type are sent to your default search engine  so that the search engine''s autocomplete/prediction feature can automatically recommend terms or URLs you may be looking for. If a default search engine is provided on your version of the Dolphin Browser  then the Application will contact your default search engine when it starts or when you change networks so as to determine the best local address to send search queries. For example  if Yahoo is set as the default search engine  then unless you change this default setting  the Application will contact Yahoo as described herein. When you type URLs or queries in the Application  the letters you type may be sent to the applicable search engine so that the search engine''s prediction feature can automatically recommend terms or URLs you may be looking for  if applicable. If you accept a predicted query or URL  the Application may send that information to the applicable search engine you choose as well. The privacy policies of the third party search engine providers apply with respect to any information you provide to them (including  without limitation  information you provide through the Application). Please review those policies carefully before providing them with any Personal Information.'  'In addition  some Application features/services may send limited   additional information to MoboTap including:'    'Dolphin Connect: This utilizes Personal Information. Dolphin Connect allows you to synchronize certain data between your mobile phones  and other devices that have the Application installed  by utilizing the Dolphin sync Services. The Application will store your browser information  such as bookmarks  on MoboTap''s servers in association with your Dolphin Account  which is created when you first use Dolphin Connect.'  'Synchronized Bookmarks/Tabs/History/Passwords: We keep a copy of your bookmarks on our servers if you use Dolphin Connect to synchronize your bookmarks  tabs  history  and passwords. We use this data to provide you with backup and synchronization services. The data is transmitted using SSL (a method of protecting data in transit) and helps us understand user preference to provide a range of search services like suggested apps and top sites.'  Synchronized Bookmarks/Tabs/History/Passwords:\_We keep a copy\   \ of your bookmarks on our servers if you use Dolphin Connect to synchronize\   \ your bookmarks  tabs  history  and passwords.    'Crash-Reporting Feature: This is Non-Personal Information. The Application has a crash-reporting feature that sends a log report to MoboTap''s support when the Application crashes. MoboTap uses the information in the crash reports to diagnose and correct the problems in the Application that caused the crash. Though this feature starts automatically after the Application crashes  it does not send information to MoboTap until you explicitly authorize it to do so. By default  this feature sends a variety of Non-Personal Information to MoboTap  including the stack trace (a detailed description of which parts of the Application code were active at the time of the crash)  the type of mobile device you are using  and the Application crash frequency data.'  'Enable Location Feature: This is Non-Personal Information. This feature remains inoperative until you visit a website that requests your location and you choose to opt in to the feature. If you elect not to use the feature  the Application will not send information about your location to such website. Each time you visit such website  the Application will ask you if you want it to provide the site with your current location. Additionally  you may elect to have the Application remember your choice to allow or not allow the feature for each site. You are able to opt out at any time of having the Application remember your choice  just like any other preference setting. Except as otherwise stated in this Agreement or the applicable third party service provider''s policies  we only permit our third party providers that are acting on our behalf (as opposed to search results providers) to use this information in connection with the service(s) they are providing to us. They are required to ensure that any information collected on our behalf is anonymized and aggregated before they are permitted to use such information to develop new features or products and services  or to improve the overall quality of their products and services. This means that they are required to ensure that your IP address and unique identifier of your Application will be stripped out before being used by any of our third party provider''s other products or features. For more information on how our geolocation services providers use information sent by the Application  please see the privacy policy links in our list of third party service providers. Please carefully consider any website or service provider''s privacy practices before agreeing to share your location.'  Enable Location Feature:\_This is Non-Personal Information.    This feature remains inoperative until you visit a website that   requests your location and you choose to opt in to the feature.    'Update Service and Push Notification: This is Potentially Personal Information. This feature periodically checks if a newer version of the Application is released and if a revised set of certain Services  such as Speed Dial and Webzine  are available. Specifically  this feature checks the package ID  Android ID  location information  and the version of Dolphin Browser on your device. Using this information  MoboTap may provide you with a newer version of the Application and recommends novel features.'  Specifically  this feature checks the package ID  Android ID  location   information  and the version of Dolphin Browser on your device.    This feature periodically checks if a newer version of the Application   is released and if a revised set of certain Services  such as Speed Dial and   Webzine  are available.    'Update Service and Push Notification: This is Potentially Personal   Information.'    Using this information  MoboTap may provide you with a newer version   of the Application and recommends novel features.    'Webzine Toggle Feature: This is Non-Personal Information. Each time you visit a website  the Application needs to send your current user URL to the Application server to check whether there is a matched Webzine column for that URL. None of the URLs are stored by MoboTap. Instead  these URLs are used to cross-index if a Webzine for the current website exists. If it does  the current website is immediately converted to Webzine format; if not  it remains the standard mobile site. This feature is turned off unless you click the Toggle Webzine button.'  'Active User Tracking: This is Non-Personal Information. The Application includes functionality to send MoboTap completely anonymous user ID to track the number of active users of the Website  Services and Application. Active User statistics are transmitted using SSL (a method of protecting data in transit) and help us understand downloads status of the Application. Once sent to MoboTap  active statistics are stored in an aggregate format so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user.'  'Usage Statistics: This is Non-Personal Information. The Application includes functionality to send MoboTap non-personal usage  performance  and responsiveness statistics about user interface features and hardware configuration. Usage statistics are transmitted using SSL (a method of protecting data in transit) and help us improve future versions of the Application. Once sent to MoboTap  usage statistics are stored in an aggregate format so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user.'  'Dolphin Sonar: This is Non-Personal Information. Dolphin Sonar allows you to search and navigate the Application using voice control. Each time you use Dolphin Sonar  the Application will send your voice commands and response duration to MoboTap and help us improve. The Application interprets your voice commands and transmits text using SSL (a method of protecting data in transit). These data is encrypted and stored in an aggregate format. It does not reflect or reference any individual user information.'  'Uninstall tracking: This is Non-Personal Information. The Application will ask you to leave some info when you want to uninstall the Application on a voluntary basis  such as the date when you installed the Application  the date when you updated the Application and the date when you wanted to uninstall the Application. Specifically  this feature checks the Application-crashing time  launch speed  Jetpack installation  location information  language  mobile device version and carrier on your device. Using this information  MoboTap will make an analysis of the uninstallation and keep making further improvements to the Application.'  Specifically  this feature checks the Application-crashing time    launch speed  Jetpack installation  location information  language  mobile device   version and carrier on your device.    The Application will ask you to leave some info when you want to   uninstall the Application on a voluntary basis  such as the date when you installed   the Application  the date when you updated the Application and the date when   you wanted to uninstall the Application.    'Uninstall tracking: This is Non-Personal Information.'    Using this information  MoboTap will make an analysis of the uninstallation   and keep making further improvements to the Application.    'Hot Apps: This is Non-Personal Information. When accessing the HotApps property  the Application may share the sending mobile device''s ID with our partners to measure the effects of any ongoing marketing campaigns. No personally identifiable information is transmitted along with these values. As an additional measure to protect privacy  the ability to send mobile device IDs is restricted within the Application to Websites'  'Hot Apps: This is Non-Personal Information.'    When accessing the HotApps property  the Application may share   the sending mobile device's ID with our partners to measure the effects of any   ongoing marketing campaigns.    'Other Critical Bugs: This is Personal Information. When you come across some critical issues in the Application  you can send a bug report to the MoboTap team via Help - Send Feedback page -Other Critical Bugs. You can choose to send which types of information you are willing to send from this dialog before submitting. MoboTap will only use this data to assist in reproducing the issues which was reported and correct the issue within the Application.'  'Third-Party Channel: This is Non-Personal Information. If you download the Application from a link provided by a third-party channel  the first time you launch the Application  it will send your mobile device ID and referrer code to the Application Server. The Application may share the mobile device''s ID with our partners to measure the effects of any ongoing marketing campaigns. No personally identifiable information is transmitted along with these values.'  If you download the Application from a link provided by a third-party   channel  the first time you launch the Application  it will send your mobile   device ID and referrer code to the Application Server.    The Application may share the mobile device's ID with our partners   to measure the effects of any ongoing marketing campaigns.    'Third-Party Channel: This is Non-Personal Information.'    'Other Information We Collect MoboTap may collect Personal Information about you  but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. The types of Personal Information collected will vary depending on the activity. The requested information may include: (i) your name  (ii) mailing address  and (iii) telephone number'  MoboTap may collect Personal Information about you  but only if   you voluntarily provide it to us.    'The requested information may include: (i) your name  (ii) mailing   address  and (iii) telephone number'    The types of Personal Information collected will vary depending   on the activity.    Use of Cookies MoboTap may use cookies on its Website. A cookie is a small bit of record-keeping information that sites often store on a user's computer. Cookies do not include individual's names  email addresses  or other information that is personally identifiable; they are typically used to quickly identify a user's computer and to remember things about the user's visit. By default  the activities of storing and sending cookies are invisible to you. However  you can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.  A cookie is a small bit of record-keeping information that sites   often store on a user's computer.    By default  the activities of storing and sending cookies are invisible   to you.    Cookies do not include individual's names  email addresses  or   other information that is personally identifiable; they are typically used to   quickly identify a user's computer and to remember things about the user's   visit.    However  you can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you   when cookies are being sent to your computer.    Use of Cookies MoboTap may use cookies on its Website.    (a) Information You Provide to Us. We may collect Personal Information from you  such as your first and last name  gender  and e-mail and mailing addresses when you access certain Services offered via the Application. We may collect Personal Information from you  such as your first and last name and your e-mail address  when you subscribe to our Dolphin Newsletter. If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail  we will collect your name and e-mail address  as well as any other content included in the e-mail  in order to send you a reply. When you participate in one of our surveys  we may collect additional profile information. We also collect other types of Personal Information that you provide to us voluntarily  such as your operating system and version  product registration number  and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Application.  If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail  we will collect   your name and e-mail address  as well as any other content included in the e-mail    in order to send you a reply.    We also collect other types of Personal Information that you provide   to us voluntarily  such as your operating system and version  product registration   number  and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding   support for the Application.    We may collect Personal Information from you  such as your first   and last name and your e-mail address  when you subscribe to our Dolphin Newsletter.    We may collect Personal Information from you  such as your first   and last name  gender  and e-mail and mailing addresses when you access certain   Services offered via the Application.    (b) Information Collected via Technology. To make the Application more useful to you  our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information from you  including your browser type  operating system  IP address  domain name  and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.  To make the Application more useful to you  our servers (which   may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information from   you  including your browser type  operating system  IP address  domain name    and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.    We also use cookies and URL information to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and which you viewed. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on the Application. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.  Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser   help file directions.    We also use cookies and URL information to gather information regarding   the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and   which you viewed.    We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your   web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete   them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on the   Application.    (c) Information Collected from Third Party Companies.  We may receive Personal and/or Non-Personal Information about you from third party companies that provide the Application by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website  or third party companies that offer their products and/or services on the Application. These third party companies may supply us with Personal Information. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via the Application in order to improve the Application.  (d) Information Collected from Social Networking Sites.  After you create a Dolphin Connect Account  you will have the option of granting the Application access to certain Social Networking Sites (SNS) accounts (SNS Accounts). By granting such access to the Application  you understand that Application will access  render and store content from your SNS Account(s)  so that it is available and viewable through your Dolphin Connect Account. In some instances  information that you post to your SNS Account(s) will be viewable via Dolphin Connect. Please review the privacy policies of the SNS services you use. You have the ability to disable the connection between Dolphin Connect with any SNS Account  at any time.  'Use of Information Received General Use. In general  Personal Information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make  or to aid us in serving you better. We use your Personal Information in the following ways: identify you as a user in our system; provide improved administration of the Application; improve the quality of experience when you interact with the Application; send you administrative e-mail notifications  such as security or support and maintenance advisories; respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests; for editorial and feedback purposes; for statistical analyses of our users'' behavior; for product development and content improvement; and to send newsletters  surveys  offers  and other promotional materials related to the Application and for other marketing purposes of MoboTap and its third party partners.'  Creation of Anonymous Data.  We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of the Application and improve Website navigation. MoboTap reserves the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in its sole discretion.  Disclosure of Information Received MoboTap generally does not sell or rent your Personal Information with other companies as a matter of policy. However  we may disclose your Personal Information as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.  'Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your Personal Information with third-party service providers to: provide you with the services that we offer you through the Application; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services. These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by MoboTap.'  Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our parent company  subsidiaries  joint ventures  or other companies under a common control (Affiliates)  in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. In some cases  we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions  user information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover  if we  or substantially all of our assets  were acquired  or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy or other reorganization  user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur  and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.  Co-branded Service Offerings. We may enter into co-branding or co-promotional agreements with third parties pursuant to which we may share Personal Information with such third parties. For example  we may enter into agreements with a third party company pursuant to which we provide the company with a URL and a customer registration page co-branded with  or private labeled by  the third party company  and the third party company distributes and promotes the URL to its customers. The third party company may have access to Personal Information that we collect from their customers. As a result  if you register for the Services or the Application on a website provided by such third party company  we may provide your Personal Information to that company. Please note  however  that we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those third parties.  Other Disclosures. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Information (as described herein)  MoboTap may disclose Personal Information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on MoboTap; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of MoboTap or users of the Services or the Application; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law  this Privacy Policy  or the Terms of Use located at dolphin-browser.com/terms-of-use-for-dolphin-browser.  If you have any questions regarding the management and use of personal information  please contact us at the address legal@mobotap.com.  Changes to Personal Information You may change any of your Personal Information in your Account by editing your profile within your Account or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below. You may request deletion of your Personal Information by us  but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time  in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information  it will be deleted from the active database  but may remain in our archives. We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.  Changes to Personal Information You may change any of your Personal   Information in your Account by editing your profile within your Account or by   sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below.    We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.    When we delete any information  it will be deleted from the active   database  but may remain in our archives.    You may request deletion of your Personal Information by us  but   please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete   it (or to keep this information for a certain time  in which case we will comply   with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).    Security of Information Received MoboTap is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access  use  or disclosure. MoboTap has strict restrictions on access to user data. Only a limited number of MoboTap employees have access. No method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure  however. Therefore  while MoboTap uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information  MoboTap cannot guarantee its absolute security.  'Contact Information California Privacy Rights: Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84  California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes  and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice  please submit a written request to the address below.'  'MoboTap welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at legal@mobotap.com or contact us at the following address or phone number: MoboTap Inc Attn: Legal Notices - Privacy 655 3 rd Street  Suite 150 San Francisco  CA 94107 E-mail: legal@mobotap.com Download Dolphin Browser Contact us Features Download Support Press Contact Business Blog English'  MoboTap welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy   Policy.    'Please e-mail us at legal@mobotap.com or contact us at the following   address or phone number: MoboTap Inc Attn: Legal Notices - Privacy 655 3 rd   Street  Suite 150 San Francisco  CA 94107 E-mail: legal@mobotap.com Download   Dolphin Browser Contact us Features Download Support Press Contact Business   Blog English'    \xA9 2015  Mobotap  Inc.  Terms & Privacy  In addition  no Application features/services sends additional information\ \ to MoboTap including: ... Enable Location Feature:\_This is Non-Personal Information.\ \ This feature remains inoperative if a website requests your location.  In addition  no Application features/services sends additional\   \ information to MoboTap including: ... Enable Location Feature:\_This is Non-Personal\   \ Information. This feature remains inoperative if a website requests your location.    We also do not collect other types of Personal Information  such as your operating system and version  product registration number  and other information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Application.  We also do not collect other types of Personal Information  such   as your operating system and version  product registration number  and other   information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Application.    In addition  no Application features/services may send additional\ \ information to MoboTap including: ... Synchronized Bookmarks/Tabs/History/Passwords:\_\ We do not keep a copy of your bookmarks on our servers if you use Dolphin Connect\ \ to synchronize your bookmarks  tabs  history  and passwords.  In addition  no Application features/services may send additional\   \ information to MoboTap including: ... Synchronized Bookmarks/Tabs/History/Passwords:\_\   We do not keep a copy of your bookmarks on our servers if you use Dolphin Connect\   \ to synchronize your bookmarks  tabs  history  and passwords.    Our servers (which are not hosted by a third party service provider) are not collecting information from you  including your browser type  operating system  IP address  domain name  and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.  Our servers (which are not hosted by a third party service provider)   are not collecting information from you  including your browser type  operating   system  IP address  domain name  and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.    If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail  we will not collect your name and e-mail address or any other content included in the e-mail.  If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail  we will not   collect your name and e-mail address or any other content included in the e-mail.    'MoboTap is not collecting Personal Information about you. The types of Personal Information not collected will vary depending on the activity. The information may include: (i) your name  (ii) mailing address  and (iii) telephone number'  'MoboTap is not collecting Personal Information about you. The   types of Personal Information not collected will vary depending on the activity.   The information may include: (i) your name  (ii) mailing address  and (iii)   telephone number'    We don't collect Personal Information from you  such as your first and last name and your e-mail address  when you subscribe to our Dolphin Newsletter.  We don't collect Personal Information from you  such as your first   and last name and your e-mail address  when you subscribe to our Dolphin Newsletter.    No sharing of your e-mail or phone number with third parties for advertising happens at any time.  No sharing of your e-mail or phone number with third parties for   advertising happens at any time.    We do not collect Personal Information from you  such as your first and last name  gender  and e-mail and mailing addresses when you access certain Services offered via the Application.  We do not collect Personal Information from you  such as your first   and last name  gender  and e-mail and mailing addresses when you access certain   Services offered via the Application.    