 Skip to main content Cobranded header here Welcome to Expedia.com Continue to the U.S. site at Expedia.com close Booking travel on behalf of Done Download the free app Earn 2x Expedia+ points on all bookings //a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/ad83413f0fb60a4b0d03d53989402620d5dfe0a7 Search anything Search Show Menu Saved Hotels  Show Account Icon Menu 0 points Join Expedia+ rewards My Account My Trips My Rewards Sign Out  Get lower rates on thousands of hotels.  Sign In or create an {{0}} Account My Account My Trips My Rewards Shop Travel Home Bundle Deals Hotels Cars Flights Cruises Things to Do Discover Vacation Rentals Deals Rewards Mobile Collections You have 0 notifications  All caught up! No new notifications right now.  Account Sign In Create an Account  Hello  's Account My Account Sign Out Not ? Not ? Log in to your account Lists  Things you view while shopping are saved here.  Loading your lists...  View your lists My Trips  Support Customer Support Feedback Espa\xF1ol \u7B80\u4F53\u4E2D\u6587  //a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/ad83413f0fb60a4b0d03d53989402620d5dfe0a7 Search anything Search For customer service  call us toll-free at 1-800-397-3342. For customers outside the US  please call 1-404-728-8787. International calling rates will apply. Home Bundle Deals Hotels Cars Flights Cruises Things to Do Discover Vacation Rentals Deals Rewards Mobile Collections More Vacation Rentals Deals Rewards Mobile Collections  Beginning of main content Create your free account Create your free account Sign Up with Facebook We apologize for our system failure. Please try again Account already exists Authentication failure. Please try again Action required! To finish creating your account  please click the link we just sent to  First name Last name Email address Create a password Join Expedia+ Rewards. By joining I accept all terms and conditions  Sign Up By creating an account  I agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.  Already have an account? Sign In Sign in to your account Sign in to your account Sign In with Facebook We apologize for our system failure. Please try again You may have entered an unknown email address or an incorrect password  Authentication failure. Please try again Email address Password Keep me signed in Forgot password? Sign In Need an account? Sign Up Expedia.com Privacy Policy Below you will find the updated Privacy Policy for www.expedia.com. We value your trust  and make it a high priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us. Please read this policy to learn about our privacy practices. By visiting this website  you are accepting the practices described herein. What information we collect from you How we use your information With whom we share your information How you can access your information Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information Cookies and other technologies Display of tailored advertising/Your choices Using the Expedia mobile phone and tablet Apps (the Mobile Apps) How we protect your information Children's privacy External links Visiting our website from outside the United States U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework Changes to this Privacy Policy How you can contact us  What information we collect from you In General. We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. This includes information that can identify you (personal information)  including your first and last name  telephone number  postal and email addresses  and billing information (such as credit card number  cardholder name  and expiration date). We may also request information about your hotel room preferences and frequent flyer and car rental program information. You can choose not to provide information to us  but in general some information about you is required in order for you to register as a member; book travel; complete a traveler profile; participate in a survey  contest  or sweepstakes; ask us a question; or initiate other transactions on our site.  This includes information that can identify you (personal information)    including your first and last name  telephone number  postal and email addresses    and billing information (such as credit card number  cardholder name  and expiration   date).    We receive and store any information you enter on our website or   give us in any other way.    Travel Companion Information. When you make a reservation for someone else through this website  we will request personal information and travel preferences about that individual. You should obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing us with their personal information and travel preferences  as any access to view or change their information will be available only through your account.  'Information from Other Sources. We also may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities  business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information. Examples of information we may receive include: updated delivery and address information  purchase history  and demographic information. In addition  if you sign up for Expedia.com using your social media account  link your Expedia.com account to your social media account  or use certain other Expedia.com social media features  we may access information about you via that social media provider in accordance with the provider''s policies. The information may include your name  email address  profile picture  gender  list of friends  and other information that you authorize us to receive. Depending on the privacy settings of you and your friends  we may access information that you provide to a social media provider regarding your respective locations (Location Data) to provide you with relevant content. Please note that your Location Data may also be shared with your friends on a social media provider in accordance with your privacy settings for that social media provider.'  Depending on the privacy settings of you and your friends  we may   access information that you provide to a social media provider regarding your   respective locations (Location Data) to provide you with relevant content.    'Examples of information we may receive include: updated delivery   and address information  purchase history  and demographic information.'    In addition  if you sign up for Expedia.com using your social media   account  link your Expedia.com account to your social media account  or use   certain other Expedia.com social media features  we may access information about   you via that social media provider in accordance with the provider's policies.    The information may include your name  email address  profile picture    gender  list of friends  and other information that you authorize us to receive.    Automatic Information. We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit this website. For example  we will collect your IP address  Web browser software (such as Firefox  Safari  or Internet Explorer)  and referring website. We also may collect information about your online activity  such as trips viewed and bookings made. Our goals in collecting this automatic information include helping customize your user experience and inhibiting fraud.  For example  we will collect your IP address  Web browser software   (such as Firefox  Safari  or Internet Explorer)  and referring website.    For more information  please see Cookies and other technologies.  'How we use your information We use sensitive billing information (such as cardholder name  credit card number  and expiration date) for the purpose of completing the travel bookings you conduct on our site. We use other information about you for the following general purposes: to provide you with the products and services you request; to provide you with travel confirmation and updates; to manage your account  including processing bills and providing travel notifications; to communicate with you in general; to respond to your questions and comments; to measure interest in and improve our products  services  and website; to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you; to otherwise customize your experience with this website; to reward you as part of any reward and recognition program you choose to join; to solicit information from you  including through surveys; to resolve disputes  collect fees  or troubleshoot problems; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; to enforce our Terms of Use; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection.'  Email Communications. We want to make it easy for you to take advantage of travel-related opportunities on our website. One way we do this is by sending you email messages that contain information about your apparent travel-related interests. For example  if you search for a flight to New York on our website and have saved your itinerary or otherwise not yet booked your travel  we may send you an email message reminding you about your saved travel itinerary or about a special airfare to New York. Similarly  if you receive an email from us about New York travel and demonstrate an interest in New York hotels by affirmatively clicking on a link about New York hotels in the email  you may receive an email about New York hotel offers or other destination information. We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information about travel-related special offers available through our site. Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive these email messages in any such email we send.  For example  if you search for a flight to New York on our website   and have saved your itinerary or otherwise not yet booked your travel  we may   send you an email message reminding you about your saved travel itinerary or   about a special airfare to New York.    One way we do this is by sending you email messages that contain   information about your apparent travel-related interests.    Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to   receive these email messages in any such email we send.    Similarly  if you receive an email from us about New York travel   and demonstrate an interest in New York hotels by affirmatively clicking on   a link about New York hotels in the email  you may receive an email about New   York hotel offers or other destination information.    We believe these email messages will provide you with useful information   about travel-related special offers available through our site.    Please review Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information below.  'With whom we share your information This website may share your information with the following entities: Suppliers  such as hotel  airline  car rental  and activity providers  who fulfill your travel reservations. Throughout this site  all services provided by a third-party supplier are described as such. By making a reservation through this site  you are authorizing us to disclose to suppliers the information required to complete the booking and deliver the related travel. These suppliers are not controlled by Expedia and personal information disclosed to them is subject to the applicable supplier''s privacy policy and security practices. Therefore  we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through this site.'  Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf  including credit card processing  business analytics  customer service  marketing  distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs  and fraud prevention. We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf  including as necessary to operate features of our website or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests. Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose. They are also required to follow the same data security practices that we ourselves adhere to.  Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services  or whose products or services may be offered on our website. You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear  either alone or with ours. If you choose to access these optional services  we may share information about you  including your personal information  with those partners. Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners.  Referring websites. If you were referred to this website from another site (for example  through a link you clicked on another site that directed you to this one)  we may share some information about you with that referring website. We have not placed limitations on the referring websites use of your personal information and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you here.  Companies within our corporate family. We may share your personal information with our parent company and corporate affiliates  including Hotwire and hotels.com  as well as international corporate affiliates such as Expedia.co.uk. This sharing enables us to provide you with information about products and services  both travel-related and other  which might interest you. To the extent that our parent company and corporate affiliates have access to your information  they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy. They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications and  at a minimum  give you an opportunity in any commercial email they send to choose not to receive such email messages in the future.  'We also may share your information: In response to subpoenas  court orders  or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. When we believe it is appropriate to investigate  prevent  or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights  property  or safety of our company or this website  our customers  or others; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements. In connection with a corporate transaction  such as a divestiture  merger  consolidation  or asset sale  or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.'  Other than as set out above  you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties  and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information.  We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties  including advertisers and investors. For example  we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest.  Expedia Business Rewards Program. If you are a member of the Expedia Business Rewards Program  information related to your bookings will be shared with your employer. This information may include the name of the person booking travel; destination; travel dates; relevant suppliers  including hotels and airlines; and itinerary number. It will not include credit card numbers  passport numbers  or frequent flier numbers. If you terminate your membership in this Program  no further information will be shared.  How you can access your information You can access and update your contact information by visiting this website's Member Profile page. You can close your account by contacting us at the email address listed below. Please note that after you close an account  you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information. However  you can open a new account at any time. Please also note that we may retain certain information associated with your account  including for analytical purposes as well as for record keeping integrity.  You can access and update your contact information by visiting   this website's Member Profile page.    You can close your account by contacting us at the email address   listed below.    Your choices with respect to collection and use of your information As discussed above  you can choose not to provide us with any information  although it may be needed to book travel or to take advantage of certain features offered on this site. You also can add or update information and close your account as described above.  You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial emails in any such message that we send you. If you are a registered member  you can also modify your choice at any time on the Member Profile page. Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications  including service announcements  administrative messages  and surveys relating either to your account or to your transactions on this site  without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.  You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial   emails in any such message that we send you.    You may have the opportunity on our website to provide a mobile number in order to receive day-of-travel flight alerts. You may discontinue these alerts at any time.  You may have the opportunity on our website to provide a mobile   number in order to receive day-of-travel flight alerts.    The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies  how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie  or how to disable cookies altogether. Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies from this site  you will not be able to access portions of our site.  Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies from this site    you will not be able to access portions of our site.    The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you   how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies  how to have the browser   notify you when you receive a new cookie  or how to disable cookies altogether.    'Cookies and other technologies Cookies are small data text files and can be stored on your computer''s hard drive (if your Web browser permits). This website uses cookies for the following general purposes: To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting our site. For example  if you register on our site  we may use cookies to remember your registration information  so you do not need to log into our site each time you visit. We also may record your password in a cookie  if you checked the box entitled Sign me in automatically next time. Please note that member IDs  passwords  and any other account-related data included in such cookies are encrypted for security purposes. Unless you register with us  these cookies will not contain any personal information.'  Cookies are small data text files and can be stored on your computer's   hard drive (if your Web browser permits).    For example  if you register on our site  we may use cookies to   remember your registration information  so you do not need to log into our site   each time you visit.    Please note that member IDs  passwords  and any other account-related   data included in such cookies are encrypted for security purposes.    'This website uses cookies for the following general purposes:'    Unless you register with us  these cookies will not contain any   personal information.    We also may record your password in a cookie  if you checked the   box entitled Sign me in automatically next time.    To help us customize the content and advertisements provided to you on this website and on other sites across the Internet. For example  when you access a page on our website  a cookie is automatically set by us  our service providers  or our partners to recognize your browser as you navigate on the Internet and to present you with information and advertising based on your apparent interests. See Display of Advertising/Your Choices for more information about our online advertising practices and your choices. To help measure and research the effectiveness of website features and offerings  advertisements  and email communications (by determining which emails you open and act upon).  For example  when you access a page on our website  a cookie is   automatically set by us  our service providers  or our partners to recognize   your browser as you navigate on the Internet and to present you with information   and advertising based on your apparent interests.    See Display of Advertising/Your Choices for more information about   our online advertising practices and your choices.    To help measure and research the effectiveness of website features   and offerings  advertisements  and email communications (by determining which   emails you open and act upon).    The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies  how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie  or how to disable cookies altogether. Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies  you may not be able to access many of the travel tools offered on our sites.  Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies  you may not be   able to access many of the travel tools offered on our sites.    The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you   how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies  how to have the browser   notify you when you receive a new cookie  or how to disable cookies altogether.    'In addition to the above cookies  we use Local Shared Objects  also referred to as flash cookies  on our web site. These are used to enhance your user experience  for example  by storing your user preferences and settings  such as your volume/mute settings  and in connection with animated content on our website. Local Shared Objects are similar to browser cookies  but can store data more complex than simple text. By themselves  they cannot do anything to or with the data on your computer. Like other cookies  they can only access personally identifiable information that you have provided on this site  and cannot be accessed by other websites. To find out more about flash cookies or how to disable them  please visit: Flash Player Help site.'  By themselves  they cannot do anything to or with the data on your   computer.    In addition to the above cookies  we use Local Shared Objects    also referred to as flash cookies  on our web site.    Like other cookies  they can only access personally identifiable   information that you have provided on this site  and cannot be accessed by other   websites.    Local Shared Objects are similar to browser cookies  but can store   data more complex than simple text.    These are used to enhance your user experience  for example  by   storing your user preferences and settings  such as your volume/mute settings    and in connection with animated content on our website.    'To find out more about flash cookies or how to disable them  please   visit: Flash Player Help site.'    This site may also use Web beacons (also known as clear gifs  pixel tags or Web bugs)  which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier  similar in function to cookies  that are placed in the code of a Web page. We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our sites to another  to deliver or communicate with cookies  to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website  and to improve site performance. We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings.  This site may also use Web beacons (also known as clear gifs  pixel   tags or Web bugs)  which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier  similar   in function to cookies  that are placed in the code of a Web page.    We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help   us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor   traffic and actions on our site.    We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from   one page within our sites to another  to deliver or communicate with cookies    to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement   displayed on a third-party website  and to improve site performance.    This site uses invisible reCAPTCHA technology to detect bots. reCAPTCHA works by collecting hardware and software information  such as device and application data  and the results of integrity checks  and sends that data to a reCAPTCHA service provider for analysis.  If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies  please email us using our  If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies    please email us using our customer service and feedback form.    customer service and feedback form.  Display of tailored advertising/Your choices Data collected by this website to serve you with relevant advertising. Expedia.com is committed to providing you with relevant content and information. To do this  we may  through cookies and other technologies  collect information about your travel-related searches  such as whether you are looking for airline flights or hotels. We use this information  together with other information we have collected about you  to serve you with ads  on our website or elsewhere online  that match your apparent interests. So  for example  if you search for a flight to Florida on this site  you may see an ad for a Florida travel package on this site or on another website you visit.  To do this  we may  through cookies and other technologies  collect   information about your travel-related searches  such as whether you are looking   for airline flights or hotels.    Please note that we do not combine the information we collect about your travel-related searches on this website with personal information (such as email address) to serve you with ads across other websites. We also do not share your personal information with third parties so they can serve you with advertisements. You can choose not to receive tailored online advertising on other websites  based on your travel-related searches on this website  by clicking here or here. Note that if you choose not to receive tailored ads  you will still see online advertisements  but they will be more general and less relevant to you.  Please note that we do not combine the information we collect about   your travel-related searches on this website with personal information (such   as email address) to serve you with ads across other websites.    Data collected by business partners and ad networks to serve you with relevant advertising. The advertisements you see on this website are served by us or by our service providers. But we also allow third parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies. These third parties include (1) business partners  who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites; and (2) advertising networks  which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different websites on the Internet. The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your characteristics  interests or preferences and to display advertisements on our sites and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests. We do not permit these third parties to collect personal information about you (such as email address) on our site  nor do we share with them any personal information about you.  But we also allow third parties to collect information about your   online activities through cookies and other technologies.    Data collected by business partners and ad networks to serve you   with relevant advertising.    The advertisements you see on this website are served by us or   by our service providers.    We do not permit these third parties to collect personal information   about you (such as email address) on our site  nor do we share with them any   personal information about you.    Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests  and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative  which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. To learn more  please click here or here.  Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies   or other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about   your interests  and the information practices of these third parties are not   covered by this Privacy Policy.    Data collected by companies that operate cookie-based exchanges to serve you with relevant advertising. Like other companies operating online  Expedia.com participates in cookie-based exchanges where anonymous information is collected about your browsing behavior through cookies and other technologies and segmented into different topics of interest (such as travel). These topics of interest are then shared with third parties  including advertisers and ad networks  so they can tailor advertisements to your apparent interests. We do not share personal information (such as your email address) with these companies and we do not permit these companies to collect any such information about you on our site. Please click here to learn more about cookie-based exchanges  including how to access information about the topics of interest associated with cookies on your computer and how to decline participation in these programs.  Data collected by companies that operate cookie-based exchanges   to serve you with relevant advertising.    Like other companies operating online  Expedia.com participates   in cookie-based exchanges where anonymous information is collected about your   browsing behavior through cookies and other technologies and segmented into   different topics of interest (such as travel).    Please click here to learn more about cookie-based exchanges  including   how to access information about the topics of interest associated with cookies   on your computer and how to decline participation in these programs.    We do not share personal information (such as your email address)   with these companies and we do not permit these companies to collect any such   information about you on our site.    Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers may transmit do-not-track signals to websites with which the browser communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature  it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted  or whether they even are aware of them. Participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization that is addressing this issue are in the process of determining what  if anything  websites should do when they receive such signals. Expedia currently does not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted  we will reassess how to respond to these signals.  Using the Expedia mobile phone and tablet Apps (the Mobile Apps)  When you use an Expedia Mobile App  we collect and use information about you in the same way and for the same purposes as we do when you use our website.  'In addition to this  we also use some other information that we collect automatically when you use our Mobile Apps. Specifically: We collect information about Mobile App functionality that you access and use. This allows us to identify those areas of the Mobile App that are of interest to our customers so that we can refine and continuously improve the Mobile App. The information we collect for this purpose does not enable us to directly identify you.'  Each Mobile App also sends us the device's unique device identifier (or UID)  a sequence of numbers or characters that are unique to your mobile device. We use this only on the first opening of the Mobile App so that we can confirm to our advertising networks the number of downloads resulting from clicks on their respective ad banners and other marketing tools.  Each Mobile App also sends us the device's unique device identifier   (or UID)  a sequence of numbers or characters that are unique to your mobile   device.    When you use a Mobile App  you can choose to allow access to your current location - provided by your mobile device using GPS or similar technologies - in order to identify nearby hotels or airports. If you choose to allow access  this location data may be collected anonymously as part of search requests logged by our servers. You can switch off the Mobile App's access to your location at any time through your phone settings menu.  If you choose to allow access  this location data may be collected   anonymously as part of search requests logged by our servers.    When you use a Mobile App  you can choose to allow access to your\   \ current location \u2013 provided by your mobile device using GPS or similar\   \ technologies \u2013 in order to identify nearby hotels or airports.    You can switch off the Mobile App's access to your location at   any time through your phone settings menu.    Each Mobile App will also send us error-reporting information in the event that it crashes or hangs. This enables us to investigate the error and to improve the stability of the Mobile App for future releases. As part of these error reports  the Mobile App sends us information about the mobile device type and version  the UID  the time the error occurred  the feature being used and the state of the application when the error occurred. We do not use this information for any purpose other than investigating and remedying the error.  As part of these error reports  the Mobile App sends us information   about the mobile device type and version  the UID  the time the error occurred    the feature being used and the state of the application when the error occurred.    You always have the ability to control what information a Mobile App sends to us. You can exercise this control either by changing the settings of the Mobile App under its setting menu or changing the settings of your mobile device. Alternatively  you can remove the Mobile App from your mobile device entirely and access our services through our website.  How we protect your information We want you to feel confident about using this website to make travel arrangements  and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. While no website can guarantee security  we have implemented appropriate administrative  technical  and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us. For example  only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information  and they may only do so for permitted business functions. In addition  we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours  and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information.  Children's privacy This is a general audience website and does not offer services directed to children. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us  we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information.  External Links If any part of this website links you to other sites  those sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting  using  and disclosing personal information.  Visiting our website from outside the United States If you are visiting our website from outside the United States  please be aware that your information may be transferred to  stored  and processed in the United States  where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country  but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services  you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy.  U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework As described in our Safe Harbor Privacy Statement  we comply with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection  use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy in the future. We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the email address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.  We may update this Privacy Policy in the future.    We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy   by sending a notice to the email address you provided to us or by placing a   prominent notice on our website.    How you can contact us If you have questions about either this Privacy Policy (or your travel planning or purchases)  please email us using our  This Privacy Policy is effective as of October 31  2017.  Add your property to Expedia Want double Expedia+ points? Book with the App! Double Expedia+ points on all app bookings Helpful real-time trip updates Paperless itineraries  Text yourself a link to get the FREE Expedia App  Send text Oops! Is it possible you've already downloaded our app? Sorry  we are currently having problems connecting to our server. You can still download the app by clicking on the app-store buttons in our app page. Thank you!  'We are having trouble processing your phone number. Try using this format: XXX-XXX-XXXX. Thank you!'  'It looks like you just tried to enter a non-United States phone number. Unfortunately  at this time we are only supporting United States numbers. Please enter your number in the following format: XXX-XXX-XXXX. Thank you!'  Thank you! A text with the download link has been sent to your mobile device  'Get the FREE Expedia App: By providing your number  you agree to receive a one-time automated text message with a link to get the app. Our app offers promotions and booking services. No purchase necessary. Standard text message rates may apply.'  Explore More Expedia About Expedia Jobs Investor Relations Advertising Media Room About Our Ads Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Accessibility  Expedia+ Expedia+ Rewards Redeem Your Points Use Partner Points +VIP Access Hotels Expedia+ Credit Cards  Expedia Links Low Cost Flights Rental Car Finder Expedia Rewards Travel Blog New Hotels  Expedia Sitemaps Hotels Sitemap Flights Sitemap Vacations Sitemap Rental Cars Sitemap Cruises Sitemap Things to Do Sitemap  Partner Services Expedia Partner Central Add a property Expedia Affiliate Network API Add an Activity Become an Affiliate Travel Agents Affiliate Program Expedia Mastercard Expedia Franchise Expedia CruiseShipCenters Agent  Global Sites Argentina Australia Austria Belgium Brazil Canada China Denmark Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Korea Malaysia Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Philippines Singapore Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand United Kingdom United States Vietnam  Expedia Partners Egencia Business Travel Expedia Affiliate Network (EAN) Hotels.com Hotwire CitySearch Online Shopping HomeAdvisor Expedia CruiseShipCenters Carrentals.com HomeAway Travelocity Trip Trivago Trover  Expedia  Inc. is not responsible for content on external Web sites.\ \ \xA9 2017 Expedia  Inc. All rights reserved.  