 'Home iPhone Across Age Across Age 2 Banana Kong Beach Bowling 3D Beyond Ynth Bloody Harry Blosics Blueprint 3D Bobby Carrot Classic Serie Bobby Carrot Forever Captain Antarctica Car Toons Chicken Raid Clear Vision Color the Cartoon Farm Cover Orange Cover Orange: Journey Crystal Siege Expand it Facemania Island Trip Jelly Zoo LONEWOLF Mahjong Elements Oceanhorn Paperama Parachute Panic Red Ball 4 Roar Rampage Scotland Yard Sketch Breaker Slayin Slide Circus Super Cat Bros. Swing Tale Tentacle Wars Tower Boxing Treasure Buster Venture Kid World of Gibbets iPad Across Age HD Across Age 2 Banana Kong Beach Bowling 3D HD Beyond Ynth HD Bloody Harry Blosics HD Blueprint 3D HD Captain Antarctica'  'Car Toons! HD Chicken Raid HD Clear Vision Color the Cartoon Farm Cover Orange HD Cover Orange: Journey Crystal Siege Expand it Facemania Island Trip Jelly Zoo LONEWOLF Mahjong Elements HD Oceanhorn Paperama Parachute Panic HD Red Ball 4 Roar Rampage Scotland Yard Sketch Breaker Slayin Slide Circus HD Solitaire HD Super Cat Bros. Swing Tale HD Tentacle Wars HD Thingy Blox HD Tower Boxing Treasure Buster Venture Kid World of Gibbets Android Across Age Across Age 2 Banana Kong Beyond Ynth Blosics Bloody Harry Blueprint 3D CarToons Chicken Raid Cover Orange Cover Orange: Journey Facemania LONEWOLF Oceanhorn Paperama Red Ball 4 Slayin Slide Circus Super Cat Bros. Tentacle Wars Tower Boxing World of Gibbets PS4 Oceanhorn Xbox One Oceanhorn Mac OSX Beyond Ynth HDX Mahjong Elements HDX Cover Orange HDX Guides Beyond Ynth Bobby Carrot Forever Support Home Privacy Policy'  FDG Entertainment GmbH & Co. KG Privacy Policy (Part I: Websites)\ \ Data Processor: FDG Entertainment GmbH & Co.KG (hereinafter referred to as \u201E\ FDG\)  'Romanstr. 7/9 80639 Munich Germany Your rights / Contact to Us: FDG is committed to keeping secure the data you provide us and will take reasonable precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from loss  misuse or alteration.'  'If you have any questions regarding data privacy  if you want to inquire about the personal data we have stored on you or request us to delete your personal data or object to the use of your personal data for advertising  please contact us at: Mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.'  '1. Collection and Processing of Personal Data: You may visit our website without registering or otherwise submitting personal data.'  We only collect personal data in order to process a support query  which you can submit at http://www.fdg-entertainment.com/en/support.html. In this case  we collect your name  company  email address and your query.  In this case  we collect your name  company  email address and   your query.    We only collect personal data in order to process a support query \   \ which you can submit at\_http://www.fdg-entertainment.com/en/support.html.    We will not use your personal data for other purposes than processing your query. We will not transmit your personal data with third parties unless we are legally required to do so  for example to criminal prosecution authorities. Your data will not be processed outside Germany or the EU.  '2. Cookies and pseudonymous user profiles: Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual''s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites  FDG uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your on-line experience. For example  we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis.'  Cookies allow the web site to remember important information that   will make your use of the site more convenient.    'Cookies and pseudonymous user profiles: Cookies are pieces of   information that a web site transfers to an individual''s hard drive for record-keeping   purposes.'    For example  we track the total number of visitors to our site   on an anonymous aggregate basis.    Like most web sites  FDG uses cookies for a variety of purposes   in order to improve your on-line experience.    We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site and to help customize your FDGs web experience. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in those instances. Your user profile  however  will always be pseudonymous  that means a random number is used for the cookie. We will not associate other personal data (like your name  address etc.) with your user profile.  We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return   to the site and to help customize your FDGs web experience.    Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the Help section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies  you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this web site.  Click on the Help section of your browser to learn how to change   your cookie preferences.    If you disable all cookies  you may not be able to take advantage   of all the features of this web site.    Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive   a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a   cookie.    '3. Links to Other Sites: We may offer links to sites that are not operated by FDG. If you visit one of these linked sites  you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies  and any information you submit to those companies is subject to their privacy policies.'  '4. Changes to our Privacy Policy: From time to time  it may be necessary for FDG to change this privacy policy. If we change our policy  we will post the revised version here  so we suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy. Rest assured  however  that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.'  'Privacy Policy (Part II: Apps and Services) 1. General a) Consent By using the Services  you agree with the collection  processing and use of information described in the Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the Policy  please do not use our Services.'  b) Scope of application This Privacy Policy (the \Policy\) describes\ \ the collection  processing and use of information  including personal information \ \ that you (\User\ or \you\) provide to FDG Entertainment GmbH & Co. KG (\u201E\ we\ or \u201Eus\) in connection with or to provide our mobile applications and\ \ services (together \our Services\).  The collection  processing and use of information in connection with our website is described in our website privacy policy in Part I above. The Policy also does not apply to your participation in sweepstakes or contests unless provided through our Services. We are not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies  the use of information you provide to them  or any products or services they may offer.  c) Children We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If we become aware that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age  we well promptly delete such information. We do not allow our partners to collect personally identifiably information on children under 13 years of age. However  we and our partners collect information that is not personally identifiable  such as IP-based geolocation to ensure that our Services comply with applicable laws.  However  we and our partners collect information that is not personally   identifiable  such as IP-based geolocation to ensure that our Services comply   with applicable laws.    d) Contacting Us If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy or practices  please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.  If your personal information changes  or if you no longer desire our service  you may correct  update  or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . We will respond to your access request within 30 days.  e) Updates of the Policy We may update the Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review our website for the latest information on our privacy practices.  2. Purpose of the Collection  Processing and Use of Information  'We use information collected through our Services for the purposes described in the Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example  we may use your information for the following purposes: a) Registration  i.e. to create game accounts and allow users use our Services or participate in sweepstakes and contests'  b) Providing our Services  i.e. to - identify and suggest connections with other users of our Services and enable you to communicate with other users;  '- operate and improve our Services; - respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;'  '- provide and deliver products and services you request.'  Whenever you use our Services  we collect data about all of your interactions with the application and with the other players inside the game via server log files. This information may be associated with your player ID  IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.  This information may be associated with your player ID  IP address   or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.    Whenever you use our Services  we collect data about all of your   interactions with the application and with the other players inside the game   via server log files.    c) Marketing  i.e. to - send you related information  including confirmations  invoices  technical notices  updates  security alerts  and support and administrative messages;  '- communicate with you about promotions  rewards  upcoming events  and other news about products and services offered by Us and our selected partners;'  d) Developing our Services  i.e. to - understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience using our Services;  '- link or combine it with other information we get from third parties  to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.'  3. Retention of Information We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you our Services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information  contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . We will retain and continue to use your information  however  as necessary to comply with our legal obligations  resolve disputes  and enforce our agreements.  4. Disclosure of information We do not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below.  With your consent  for example  when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies. If you no longer wish to allow us to share your information with third parties  please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . If you no longer wish to receive such communications from third parties  please contact that third party directly.  We may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. This includes analyzing data and providing customer support. These agents and service providers may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for Us.  We may release your information as permitted by law  such as to comply with a subpoena  or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; investigate fraud  respond to a government request  enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights  property  or safety of us or our users  or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.  We may share your information in connection with any merger  sale of our assets  or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our site of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.  We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers  publishers  business partners  sponsors  and other third parties.  5. Sign-in Services You can log in to our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect  Google+  Google Play Game Services  or Apple Game Center. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with Us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.  These services will authenticate your identity and provide you   the option to share certain personal information with Us such as your name and   email address to pre-populate our sign up form.    You can log in to our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook   Connect  Google+  Google Play Game Services  or Apple Game Center.    'We may collect and record information through the Sign-in Service in accordance with the policies and terms of the respective Sign-in Service. The information we collect when you connect your user account to an Sign-in Service may include: (1) your name  (2) your Sign-in Service user identification number and/or user name  (3) locale  city  state and country  (4) sex  (5) birth date  (6) email address  (7) profile picture or its URL  and (8) the Sign-in Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to our Services.'  'The information we collect when you connect your user account   to an Sign-in Service may include: (1) your name  (2) your Sign-in Service user   identification number and/or user name  (3) locale  city  state and country    (4) sex  (5) birth date  (6) email address  (7) profile picture or its URL    and (8) the Sign-in Service user identification numbers for your friends that   are also connected to our Services.'    We may collect and record information through the Sign-in Service   in accordance with the policies and terms of the respective Sign-in Service.    We may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a Sign-in Service so that those contacts can be located in our Services games and/or you can invite them to join you in our Services. The contact information will not be used for other purposes. You or the addressee may request us to remove this information.  The contact information will not be used for other purposes.    We may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a   Sign-in Service so that those contacts can be located in our Services games   and/or you can invite them to join you in our Services.    You or the addressee may request us to remove this information.    6. Push Notifications We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates  high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.  7. Sweepstakes and Contests We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Services. If you participate  we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address)  and demographic information (such as zip code).  If you participate  we will request certain personal information   from you.    Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and   you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.    The requested information typically includes contact information   (such as name and shipping address)  and demographic information (such as zip   code).    We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes   or contest through our Services.    We use this information to notify winners and award prizes  to monitor traffic or personalize our Services. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these sweepstakes or contests; that company is prohibited from using your users' personal information for any other purpose.  8. Analytics a) Cookies A cookie is a small text file that we transfer to your device  to identify a user's device and to remember things about your visit  such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information  such as your user ID  for purposes such as improving the quality of our Service  tailoring recommendations to your interests  and making our Services easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time  although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.  A cookie is a small text file that we transfer to your device    to identify a user's device and to remember things about your visit  such as   your preferences or a user name and password.    Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal   information  such as your user ID  for purposes such as improving the quality   of our Service  tailoring recommendations to your interests  and making our   Services easier to use.    You can disable cookies at any time  although you may not be able   to access or use features of the Service.    We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a number  they will be able to recognize your device each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service and third party sites and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.  Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device   with a number  they will be able to recognize your device each time they send   you an advertisement.    We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver   cookies to your device so the content you access and advertisements you see   can be tracked.    b) Mobile Analytics Software We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Services on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application  the events that occur within the application  aggregated usage  performance data  and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.  9. Third Party Services a) Analytics and tracking Our Services may contain third party analytic and tracking tools from our service providers  including Flurry (flurry.com) and Hockey App (hockeyapp.net). Such third parties may use cookies  APIs  and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier  MAC address  IMEI  locale (specific location where a given language is spoken)  geo-location information  and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.  Our Services may contain third party analytic and tracking tools   from our service providers  including Flurry (flurry.com) and Hockey App (hockeyapp.net).    Such third parties may use cookies  APIs  and SDKs in our Services   to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf.    The third parties may have access to information such as your device   identifier  MAC address  IMEI  locale (specific location where a given language   is spoken)  geo-location information  and IP address for the purpose of providing   their services under their respective privacy policies.    'Please refer to the privacy policies of our analytics partners for information on how to opt out at: - http://hockeyapp.net/privacy/ - http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out b) Ad Networks We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you  such as your Service session activity  device identifier  MAC address  IMEI  geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you. Please refer to the privacy policies of our advertising partners for more information on how to opt out at: - https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy - http://www.playhaven.com/privacy - http://home.tapjoy.com/info/about-tapjoy/privacy-policy - http://www.vungle.com/privacy - http://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy - http://privacy.adcolony.com - http://www.google.com/policies/privacy - http://www.millennialmedia.com/privacy-policy - http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww - https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496 - https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy - http://www.mopub.com/legal/ - http://unity3d.com/legal/cookie-policy#cookies - https://www.applovin.com/privacy In addition  you may see our games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game  you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs  a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.'  The advertisers may collect and use information about you  such   as your Service session activity  device identifier  MAC address  IMEI  geo-location   information and IP address.    We may feature advertising within our Service.    10. Security of your Personal Information We take reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss  misuse or alteration by third parties.  Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public  we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further  while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems  we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party hackers from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against  loss  misuse  or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet  or method of electronic storage  is 100% secure  however. Therefore  we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  11. International Transfer Game data is stored on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services or profitbricks.com in Germany and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.  We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities  or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction  and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you  including personal information  as described in the Policy.  'Last updated: January 2015 Terms of Use Imprint Privacy Policy EULA Contact'  \xA9 2017 - FDG Entertainment GmbH & Co. KG  Thus  we will not request personal information from you. We will not request contact information (such as name and shipping address)  and demographic information (such as zip code).  Thus  we will not request personal information from you. We will   not request contact information (such as name and shipping address)  and demographic   information (such as zip code).    No cookies are employed.  No cookies are employed.    We do not offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a Sign-in Service so that those contacts can be located in our Services games and/or you can invite them to join you in our Services.  We do not offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from   a Sign-in Service so that those contacts can be located in our Services games   and/or you can invite them to join you in our Services.    We do not collect personal data. In this case  we do not collect your name  company  email address and your query.  We do not collect personal data. In this case  we do not collect   your name  company  email address and your query.    We do not feature advertising within our Service. There are no advertisers collecting or using information about you  such as your Service session activity  device identifier  MAC address  IMEI  geo-location information and IP address.  We do not feature advertising within our Service. There are no   advertisers collecting or using information about you  such as your Service   session activity  device identifier  MAC address  IMEI  geo-location information   and IP address.    'You cannot log in to our Services using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect  Google+  Google Play Game Services  or Apple Game Center. We will not collect or record the following information: your name  your Sign-in Service user identification number and/or user name  locale  city  state and country  sex  birth date  email address  profile picture or its URL.'  'You cannot log in to our Services using sign-in services such   as Facebook Connect  Google+  Google Play Game Services  or Apple Game Center.   We will not collect or record the following information: your name  your Sign-in   Service user identification number and/or user name  locale  city  state and   country  sex  birth date  email address  profile picture or its URL.'    The third parties do not have access to information such as your device identifier  MAC address  IMEI  locale (specific location where a given language is spoken)  geo-location information  or IP address.  The third parties do not have access to information such as your   device identifier  MAC address  IMEI  locale (specific location where a given   language is spoken)  geo-location information  or IP address.    No collection of information that is potentially personally identifiable  such as IP-based geolocation  is conducted by us or our advertising partners.  No collection of information that is potentially personally identifiable    such as IP-based geolocation  is conducted by us or our advertising partners.    Our Services contain third party analytic and tracking tools from our service providers. However  such third parties are not using cookies  APIs  and SDKs in our Services.  Our Services contain third party analytic and tracking tools from   our service providers. However  such third parties are not using cookies  APIs    and SDKs in our Services.    