 Menu Blog Inside Flipboard MagMaker Business Educators Publishers Advertisers Tools Get Started Help & Feedback Tutorials Careers News Room Brand Guidelines About Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Tumblr  Privacy Policy Language Nederlands Fran\xE7ais Italiano \u0420\u0443\ \u0441\u0441\u043A\u0438\u0439 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0628\u064A\u0629 \uD55C\ \uAD6D\uC5B4 \u9999\u6E2F\u4E2D\u6587\u7248 Bahasa Indonesia English Espa\xF1\ ol Am\xE9rica Ti\u1EBFng Vi\u1EC7t Espa\xF1ol de Espa\xF1a Deutsch \u65E5\u672C\ \u8A9E Portugu\xEAs do Brasil T\xFCrk\xE7e  February 7  2017 Flipboard Privacy Policy We've done our best to cut through the legal jargon and explain in simple terms what information we collect about you  what we use it for  and the few situations in which we share it with others.  Please read this privacy policy carefully. It applies to all interactions you have with Flipboard's products and services.  The Information We Collect When you create an account with Flipboard  you give us your full name and email address  and create a username and password. If you want  you can give us a pseudonym instead of your legal name.  When you create an account with Flipboard  you give us your full   name and email address  and create a username and password.    If you don't feel like creating an account from scratch  you may be able to sign in through an account you already have with another service  such as Facebook.  If you don't feel like creating an account from scratch  you may   be able to sign in through an account you already have with another service    such as Facebook.    Your user profile helps you customize your account and connect with other Flipboard users. Your profile automatically includes your name and username. You can also add a profile picture and whatever else you'd like in the Bio field.  To help you connect with other Flipboard users and to personalize your Flipboard experience  we may ask for additional information  including your contacts  location or a list of the apps on your mobile device. If you create an account after March 23  2016  we will collect a list of the installed apps on your mobile device to improve and personalize your experience. We delete or anonymize this information after we make initial recommendations to help you get started on Flipboard  and we don't make recommendations based on sensitive information.  To help you connect with other Flipboard users and to personalize   your Flipboard experience  we may ask for additional information  including   your contacts  location or a list of the apps on your mobile device.    We receive some other information automatically when you use Flipboard. This includes data about your device  software  operating system  operating system- provided device or user-specific advertising IDs for advertisement tracking (Advertising IDs)  your IP address and the date and time of each request you make to Flipboard.  This includes data about your device  software  operating system    operating system- provided device or user-specific advertising IDs for advertisement   tracking (Advertising IDs)  your IP address and the date and time of each   request you make to Flipboard.    We receive some other information automatically when you use Flipboard.    So that we can make your Flipboard experience better  we collect information about how you view  flip and interact with content and advertisements through Flipboard and on third-party sites with Flipboard widgets.  You may link your Flipboard account to other services you use  such as social networking sites  photo-sharing services and media publishers such as the New York Times. If you connect your Flipboard account with a third-party service  we collect information through that service. This information varies depending on the service and your privacy settings there  but may include profile information (e.g.  age  gender and location)  your contacts on that service and content that you've made publicly available there.  If you connect your Flipboard account with a third-party service    we collect information through that service.    This information varies depending on the service and your privacy   settings there  but may include profile information (e.g.  age  gender and location)    your contacts on that service and content that you've made publicly available   there.    You may link your Flipboard account to other services you use    such as social networking sites  photo-sharing services and media publishers   such as the New York Times.    If you want to email something you see through Flipboard to a friend who isn't already a Flipboard account holder  we may keep their email address for the purpose of sending such email and improving our services. Recipients may contact us at privacy@flipboard.com to request that we remove this information from our database.  If you want to email something you see through Flipboard to a friend   who isn't already a Flipboard account holder  we may keep their email address   for the purpose of sending such email and improving our services.    Recipients may contact us at privacy@flipboard.com to request that   we remove this information from our database.    How We Use and Disclose Your Information A big part of Flipboard is sharing content you find interesting. That's why your Flipboard profile  the people and sources you follow or that follow you  the magazines you create  the comments you post and the content you flip are all public.  Aside from that  we use your information to keep Flipboard running  better understand how you use our service  customize your experience (including the content  marketing materials  and advertisements you see)  prevent abuse and improve Flipboard. Flipboard may also work with advertising partners to serve you third-party advertisements  including interest-based advertisements. For more information about our advertising partners' practices  please visit Datalogix and Oracle. You can learn more about interested-based advertising  including how to opt out of third-party partners' advertising you see on Flipboard and on other services  by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. If you opt out  you'll still see ads  but they won't be tailored using information like your interests  visits to other services  or demographics. Alternatively  you can opt out by discontinuing your use of Flipboard.  Alternatively  you can opt out by discontinuing your use of Flipboard.    Aside from that  we use your information to keep Flipboard running    better understand how you use our service  customize your experience (including   the content  marketing materials  and advertisements you see)  prevent abuse   and improve Flipboard.    Flipboard may also work with advertising partners to serve you   third-party advertisements  including interest-based advertisements.    For more information about our advertising partners' practices    please visit Datalogix and Oracle.    If you opt out  you'll still see ads  but they won't be tailored   using information like your interests  visits to other services  or demographics.    You can learn more about interested-based advertising  including   how to opt out of third-party partners' advertising you see on Flipboard and   on other services  by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.    'We share your personally identifiable information only under these circumstances: With your consent  after letting you know what information will be shared  and with whom.'  'We share your personally identifiable information only under these   circumstances:'    If we believe it's reasonably necessary to comply with a law  regulation\ \ or legal process. If we're going to release your information  our policy is\ \ to provide you with reasonable advance notice under the circumstances unless\ \ we're prohibited from doing so by law or court order (e.g.  an order under 18\ \ U.S.C. \xA7 2705(b)). We may disclose your information without giving you prior\ \ notice if we believe it's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm\ \ to a person. Nothing in this privacy policy is intended to limit any legal objections\ \ or defenses you might have to efforts by third parties to compel disclosure\ \ of your information  including legal orders from the government.  To third parties helping us offer and improve our service  such as those providing Flipboard certain technical tools and analytics services (including marketing partners) that help us understand how people use Flipboard so we can make it better. We require those companies to observe the limitations in this privacy policy.  To third parties helping us offer and improve our service  such   as those providing Flipboard certain technical tools and analytics services   (including marketing partners) that help us understand how people use Flipboard   so we can make it better.    If we sell  transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets  including the information identified in this privacy policy  in connection with a merger  acquisition  reorganization or sale of assets in the event of a bankruptcy. We may also share non-personally identifiable  non-aggregate information (for example  anonymized Advertising IDs) with companies that help us improve our products and services  including advertising (such as research companies and analytics providers). As with your personally identifiable information  we require that such companies observe the limitations in this privacy policy.  We may also share non-personally identifiable  non-aggregate information   (for example  anonymized Advertising IDs) with companies that help us improve   our products and services  including advertising (such as research companies   and analytics providers).    We may disclose aggregate information about how our users use Flipboard in a manner doesn't identify you individually.  Web Storage and Tracking Policy Cookies and HTML5 local storage are ways to keep information about your use of Internet services on your own mobile device or computer.  Web Storage and Tracking Policy Cookies and HTML5 local storage   are ways to keep information about your use of Internet services on your own   mobile device or computer.    We use cookies and HTML5 local storage to help us create your session  know when you're logged in and help us remember certain information about how you interact with Flipboard.  We use cookies and HTML5 local storage to help us create your session    know when you're logged in and help us remember certain information about how   you interact with Flipboard.    If you'd rather not use cookies or HTML5 local storage  most browsers give you the option to turn them off  or require your approval before using them to keep information. If you choose not to keep information in cookies or HTML5 local storage  though  portions of Flipboard may not work as intended.  If you choose not to keep information in cookies or HTML5 local   storage  though  portions of Flipboard may not work as intended.    If you'd rather not use cookies or HTML5 local storage  most browsers   give you the option to turn them off  or require your approval before using   them to keep information.    Flipboard also uses web beacons in advertisements to allow Flipboard and its advertising partners to see how users view and engage with advertisements. Depending on your advertising preferences set in your operating system  Flipboard may share your Advertising ID with advertising partners in an anonymous fashion that is not tied to your name or email address.  Depending on your advertising preferences set in your operating   system  Flipboard may share your Advertising ID with advertising partners in   an anonymous fashion that is not tied to your name or email address.    Some publishers or other third-party services that we partner with may use cookies  web beacons or other technologies to keep track of your Internet activity. Please note that this privacy policy explains Flipboard's policies only  and doesn't cover the practices of other services.  Please note that this privacy policy explains Flipboard's policies   only  and doesn't cover the practices of other services.    Some publishers or other third-party services that we partner with   may use cookies  web beacons or other technologies to keep track of your Internet   activity.    Some browsers make it possible for you to signal that you don't want your Internet browsing activity to be tracked. The Internet community hasn't reached a consensus on how to best honor these signals  so we don't respond to Do-Not-Track requests at this time.  Data Deletion If you'd like to delete your account  you can do so in the Flipboard application under Settings (gear icon) in the Edit Profile detailed menu. If we delete your account  your user profile will no longer be visible on our service  though we may still keep some log information in non-personally identifiable form and any other information you have made publicly available through Flipboard (comments to content  for example).  Changes to This Privacy Policy As Flipboard continues to develop  we may decide to revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version will govern our use of your information and will always be at https://flipboard.com/privacy  and older versions are available upon request. If we make changes that we think will substantially alter your rights  we will notify you by posting a notice on our website. You agree to accept any changes or revisions to this privacy policy by continuing to use Flipboard.  Contact We'd love to hear your questions  concerns and feedback about this privacy policy. If you have suggestions for us  let us know at support@flipboard.com.  'Share: Ad Specifications Get billboard impact on the small screen with Flipboard''s full-page ad space for iPad  iPhone and Android.'  download ad specs Flipboard Media Kit Download our latest media kit full of everything you need to know-from audience to our best-in-class ad products.  download media kit Publisher Inquiries Talk to our team about publishing on Flipboard.  publishers@flipboard.com START A MAGAZINE Collect articles on timely topics  and package them into compelling digital magazines.  see tutorial About us Careers News Room Publishers Advertisers Brand Guidelines Available on iOS Available on Android Available on Windows Available on Windows Phone Help Center  Follow Flipboard for News  inspiration & support: Twitter Facebook\ \ Google+ LinkedIn Tumblr Privacy Policy Terms + Conditions Copyright Community\ \ Guidelines Get the app Language T\xFCrk\xE7e Portugu\xEAs do Brasil \u65E5\u672C\ \u8A9E Deutsch Espa\xF1ol de Espa\xF1a Ti\u1EBFng Vi\u1EC7t Espa\xF1ol Am\xE9\ rica English Bahasa Indonesia \u9999\u6E2F\u4E2D\u6587\u7248 \uD55C\uAD6D\uC5B4\ \ \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0628\u064A\u0629 \u0420\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043A\u0438\ \u0439 Italiano Fran\xE7ais Nederlands  You are not able to sign in through an account you already have with another service  such as Facebook  and your profile automatically  such as your name and username  will not be collected.  You are not able to sign in through an account you already have   with another service  such as Facebook  and your profile automatically  such   as your name and username  will not be collected.    We are not asking for additional information  including your contacts  location or a list of the apps on your mobile device.  We are not asking for additional information  including your contacts    location or a list of the apps on your mobile device.    There is no possibility to link your Flipboard account to other services you use  such as social networking sites  photo-sharing services and media publishers such as the New York Times. We have no ability to collect information through those services. The information  e.g.  age  gender and location  your contacts on that service and content that you've made publicly available there is no longer collected.  There is no possibility to link your Flipboard account to other   services you use  such as social networking sites  photo-sharing services and   media publishers such as the New York Times. We have no ability to collect information   through those services. The information  e.g.  age  gender and location  your   contacts on that service and content that you've made publicly available there   is no longer collected.    When you create an account with Flipboard  we do not get your full name and email address  username  and password.  When you create an account with Flipboard  we do not get your full   name and email address  username  and password.    