 HOME APPS GO Launcher EX Most popular Launcher on Android GO Locker Top downloaded lock screen app Next Browser The fastest web browser GO Weather EX The most friendly weather app GO TaskManager EX Powerful  Simple and Safe phone manager Next Launcher 3D NO.1 3D Android Launcher GO SMS Pro The best experience of messaging BLOG HOME APPS GO Launcher EX Most popular Launcher on Android GO Locker Top downloaded lock screen app Next Browser The fastest web browser GO Weather EX The most friendly weather app GO TaskManager EX Powerful  Simple and Safe phone manager Next Launcher 3D NO.1 3D Android Launcher GO SMS Pro The best experience of messaging BLOG  'Privacy Policy Last updated: 13/07/2016 Your privacy is important to Guangzhou Jiubang Digital Technology Co.  Ltd (hereinafter as Company) and we are committed to protecting your privacy. So we''ve developed a Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN  DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE & SERVICES.'  This Privacy Policy explains how the Company treats your information and protects your privacy when you Use the Software & Services and the rights and options available to you regarding your information. Company believes that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information We may collect and use when you Use the Software & Services. The Software & Services may include various features and content that are offered and delivered to you by us and/or by third parties  such as news  messages  advertisements and games  as well as features and content that you may choose to add (Content).  Information the Company Collects and Receives.  'When you Use the Software & Services  we automatically collect and store the following types of information: 1. Technical Information. Certain technical information regarding your device  and your Use of the Software & Services and other third party software and applications installed on your device (the Other Software)  including the type  name and version of operating system and Other Software including  without limitation  their interactions with the Software & Services  ISP (Internet Service Provider)  location  Internet protocol (IP) address  anonymous user identifiers  device configuration and identifiers (IDFA (Identifier for Advertisers used in IOS)  Advertising ID (Identifier for Advertisers used in Android) and the like)  version of the Software & Services  and your configuration and settings of the Software & Services;'  Certain technical information regarding your device  and your Use   of the Software & Services and other third party software and applications installed   on your device (the Other Software)  including the type  name and version   of operating system and Other Software including  without limitation  their   interactions with the Software & Services  ISP (Internet Service Provider)    location  Internet protocol (IP) address  anonymous user identifiers  device   configuration and identifiers (IDFA (Identifier for Advertisers used in IOS)    Advertising ID (Identifier for Advertisers used in Android) and the like)     Technical Information.    'When you Use the Software & Services  we automatically collect   and store the following types of information:'    2. Usage Information. Certain usage related information regarding your use and interaction with your device  including the Software & Services and Other Software  such as when and how you Use the Software & Services and Other Software  how you use your internet browser and internet search related applications  the web pages you visit and the content you see  access and utilize on such web pages; for example  offerings and advertisements that you view  use and access  how you use them and your response to them  how frequently you use them  your search queries and the time and date of your searches;  3. Social Networks. Your interactions on social networks through the Software & Services;  4. Registration Related Information. Information you provide when you register for the Software & Services (if applicable)  such as name  home or work addresses  e-mail address  telephone and fax numbers  birth date and gender;  Information you provide when you register for the Software & Services   (if applicable)  such as name  home or work addresses  e-mail address  telephone   and fax numbers  birth date and gender;    Registration Related Information.    5. Support Related Information. If you communicate with Us via our support section or via email  we may also collect your email address  name and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support (for example  your name  company name  and particular support query or request). Such information will only be used to provide you with support services and will not be connected with any other information collected from you on or through the Software & Services  including  any individual User ID (as defined below) generated or collected by us. When you Use the Software & Services  We automatically generate an anonymous internal user ID (which does not personally identify you)  which is assigned to your use of the Software & Services (the User ID) and may be combined with any of the above information.  If you communicate with Us via our support section or via email    we may also collect your email address  name and any information voluntarily   submitted by you in connection with such support (for example  your name  company   name  and particular support query or request).    Such information will only be used to provide you with support   services and will not be connected with any other information collected from   you on or through the Software & Services  including  any individual User ID   (as defined below) generated or collected by us.    While it is not our intention to collect any personally identifiable information (PII) (except for registration and user support purposes as set forth in this Privacy Policy)  the data collected may include PII. As part of our privacy measures  we implement certain rules designed to avoid the unintentional collection of PII such as email addresses  social security numbers  credit card numbers  login information etc. Such rules are based on known field types  parameters  values and algorithms but they are not foolproof and hence the Software & Services may sometimes  unintentionally  collect unwanted information. We regularly examine and update these rules.  As part of our privacy measures  we implement certain rules designed   to avoid the unintentional collection of PII such as email addresses  social   security numbers  credit card numbers  login information etc.    How the Company Uses Your Information.  'The Company uses the information it collects for analytical  business and operational purposes in the following ways: 1. to operate and update the Software & Services and provide you with existing and new functionality and features;'  2. to improve and customize the Software & Services; 3. to provide you personalized content  including through the delivery of targeted interest-based advertisements from us or our partners;  4. to maintain and improve the quality and operation of the Software & Services;  5. to notify you of Software & Services updates; 6. to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback;  7. to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software & Services;  8. to enforce the terms and conditions applicable to the Software & Services and to prevent unlawful activities and misuse thereof;  9. to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation  legal process or enforceable governmental request.  Sharing Information with Third Parties.  'We may share with third parties the information collected in any of the following events: 1. If we are required by law to disclose your information  we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party  as may be required (e.g.  to detect  prevent or otherwise address fraud  security  or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process  subpoena  or governmental request; or to protect the rights  property  or personal safety of the Company''s users  its partners  or the general public);'  2. In the event the Company goes through a business transition such as a merger or acquisition by another company  consolidation  change of control  reorganization  or sale of all or a portion of its assets  your information will be among the assets transferred;  3. We may share your information with certain third parties (including  without limitation  search engines  content providers  and advertising networks and platforms) that provide various services (such as advertising  marketing  analysis  content  and search) in connection with the Software & Services. We take appropriate measures to ensure that no user can be individually identified from the disclosure of such information  and we require these third parties (i) to keep the data secured  (ii) not to use the data for any other purpose other than to provide us with services  and (iii) to use the data solely in compliance with this Privacy Policy;  4. We may also share PII and non-personally identifiable information with our subsidiaries  affiliated and parent companies but their use of such information must comply with this Privacy Policy. In any case other than the above  we will not share your PII with third parties without your prior consent.  Third-Party Content.  Certain Software & Services may include and/or enable you to add Content to them. The Content may be in the form of apps  buttons  gadgets  links to third party advertisements  websites  products and services (including search services) as well as additional means that are provided to you by third parties (collectively  Third Party Content and Services). The use of such Third Party Content and Services is subject to their privacy policies. In addition  the Company provides such third parties with a large number of tools to enable them to create interesting and unique apps  buttons  and gadgets using the Company's platform. Some of these tools may give these third parties the ability to access  collect  store  and/or share your information - both your PII and non-personally identifiable information. In order to clarify  we do not review  approve  monitor  endorse  warrant  or make any representations with respect to such Third Party Content and Services and your access to any Third Party Content and Services is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the information contained and/or made available through  the practices of  or your use or inability to use such Third Party Content and Services. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of such Third Party Content and Services. We recommended that you read the terms  conditions and privacy policies of such Third Party Content and Services before using or accessing any of them.  Social Networks.  You may also choose to activate additional features that provide you with the ability to update and use your favorite social networks directly from the Software & Services. During such activation  you will be asked to grant the Company permission to compile certain information from such social networks. This information may include friends or contact lists  notes  updates  and photos and may be used by the Company to customize the Content available to you through the Software & Services  suggest new features and Content that may be relevant to you or provide the Company with data for statistical purposes. The information you allow the Company to access is that which is presented to you when you choose to activate these features. Please see your social network provider policies for any questions or concerns. You may opt not to grant the Company access to your social network account(s) at any time by changing your social network settings or by not authorizing the Company's access thereto.  During such activation  you will be asked to grant the Company   permission to compile certain information from such social networks.    This information may include friends or contact lists  notes  updates    and photos and may be used by the Company to customize the Content available   to you through the Software & Services  suggest new features and Content that   may be relevant to you or provide the Company with data for statistical purposes.    You may also choose to activate additional features that provide   you with the ability to update and use your favorite social networks directly   from the Software & Services.    Cookies and Other Technologies.  We may collect or allow third parties to collect  through blocks of code called pixels or web beacons  certain information about you and send it to our servers and to our partners. We or our partners  package all or part of this information into small text files called Cookies and send the Cookie to your computer. As an example  Cookies may store search queries made through the Software & Services  the web pages you accessed  your interaction with advertisements presented to you via the Software & Services  features you used  your session duration and your configurations and preferences of the Software & Services.  As an example  Cookies may store search queries made through the   Software & Services  the web pages you accessed  your interaction with advertisements   presented to you via the Software & Services  features you used  your session   duration and your configurations and preferences of the Software & Services.    We may collect or allow third parties to collect  through blocks   of code called pixels or web beacons  certain information about you and   send it to our servers and to our partners.    We or our partners  package all or part of this information into   small text files called Cookies and send the Cookie to your computer.    'Such Cookies and other technologies allow us and our partners to recognize you on your next use of  access or visit to the Software & Services  or on your visits or access to our partner''s network (i.e. sites and services other than those of the Company). The Company and/or its partners use Cookies and other tracking technologies to: 1. facilitate and enhance your interaction and activities with the Software & Services;'  Such Cookies and other technologies allow us and our partners to   recognize you on your next use of  access or visit to the Software & Services    or on your visits or access to our partner's network (i.e.    'The Company and/or its partners use Cookies and other tracking   technologies to: 1. facilitate and enhance your interaction and activities with   the Software & Services;'    sites and services other than those of the Company).    2. help the Company learn how you Use the Software & Services  what parts are most attractive and interesting to you  and what kind of offers you like to see;  3. provide you with personalized content which may include interest-based information  online ads or other marketing materials on or through the Software & Services and on third party websites and properties;  4. analyze the information collected from you and help manage and optimize the Software & Services;  5. track and measure various performance and demographic parameters of advertising campaigns including without limitation  analyzing which ads your browser has loaded  which site pages you may have been viewing when the ads were delivered or accessed and your interaction with the ad.  5. track and measure various performance and demographic parameters   of advertising campaigns including without limitation  analyzing which ads your   browser has loaded  which site pages you may have been viewing when the ads   were delivered or accessed and your interaction with the ad.    Most browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies but you can reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is sent. However  some functions of the Software & Services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. By using the Software & Services  you affirmatively consent to the collection of information and Cookies as described above.  By using the Software & Services  you affirmatively consent to   the collection of information and Cookies as described above.    However  some functions of the Software & Services may not function   properly if your cookies are disabled.    Most browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies but you can   reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is sent.    Data Retention.  We retain the information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as necessary to fulfill our business and/or operational purposes or comply with a legal request. We may also choose to anonymize parts of the information we collect so that it can no longer be identifiable or attributable to any person if we want to keep it for longer periods of time.  Transfer of Data Outside Your Territory.  The Software & Services work over the Internet. We may store and process information in various locations throughout the globe. you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer of your data.  How to Contact the Company.  'If you have any questions or concerns with respect to any matter covered by this Privacy Policy  you may contact Us by email at: golauncher@goforandroid.com'  Registration Related Information. Information we do not obtain  such as name  home or work addresses  e-mail address  telephone and fax numbers  birth date and gender.  Registration Related Information. Information we do not obtain    such as name  home or work addresses  e-mail address  telephone and fax numbers    birth date and gender.    When you Use the Software & Services  we do not collect technical information regarding your device  or your Use of the Software & Services and other third party software and applications installed on your device (the Other Software)  including the type  name and version of operating system and Other Software including  without limitation  their interactions with the Software & Services  ISP (Internet Service Provider)  location  Internet protocol (IP) address  anonymous user identifiers  device configuration and identifiers (IDFA (Identifier for Advertisers used in IOS)  Advertising ID (Identifier for Advertisers used in Android) and the like)   When you Use the Software & Services  we do not collect technical   information regarding your device  or your Use of the Software & Services and   other third party software and applications installed on your device (the Other   Software)  including the type  name and version of operating system and Other   Software including  without limitation  their interactions with the Software   & Services  ISP (Internet Service Provider)  location  Internet protocol (IP)   address  anonymous user identifiers  device configuration and identifiers (IDFA   (Identifier for Advertisers used in IOS)  Advertising ID (Identifier for Advertisers   used in Android) and the like)     