 Select Language English Deutsch Francais Italiano Espanol \u0440\u0443\ \u0441\u0441\u043A\u0438\u0439 \u044F\u0437\u044B\u043A Portugues \u7E41\u9AD4\ \u4E2D\u6587 PRIVACY POLICY Konami Digital Entertainment Co.  Ltd. (\Konami\\ \ or \we\) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. To further\ \ this commitment  we have adopted this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect \ \ use  safeguard and disclose your personal information and the choices you can\ \ make about our use of the information. This Privacy Policy may be revised from\ \ time to time  so please revisit this website regularly to remain fully informed\ \ of our policies.  By using the Sites (as defined below)  or otherwise providing your personal information to Konami  you consent to the collection and use of such personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy  please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Sites(as defined below).  The scope of this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy currently applies to any applications stated to be subject to this Privacy Policy (Sites)  Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any other websites  webpages or applications other than the Sites  including any such websites  webpages or applications to which we link. Konami is not responsible for the content or activities provided on websites  webpages or applications other than the Sites  and we recommend that you independently review the privacy policies and terms of use for such websites  webpages or applications. This Privacy Policy only relates to the collection and use of information by or on behalf of Konami; it does not govern the collection  use or disclosure of information by any third party  including without limitation social media websites such as Facebook  Twitter and Google+ or third party service providers such as Apple  Google  Microsoft and Sony Computer Entertainment.  Information that we may collect about you Konami may collect information about you when you use the Sites or our products or services  or when you otherwise provide personally identifiable information to us. For example  we may collect and process the following types of information from you.  For example  we may collect and process the following types of   information from you.    Information that you provide by filling in forms on the Sites. This includes information provided in order to subscribe and/or pay for a service  to register a Konami product  to register for online games or tournaments  to participate in forums or chat rooms or to receive ongoing marketing or other information. Information that you submit to us via email or other means when contacting Konami customer service or support. Information that you provide in response to online or offline polls or surveys.  Information that you provide in order to take advantage of particular opportunities (e.g. contests  sweepstakes  events  games or other applications) provided through third party social media websites or other third party websites or services. Such information may include your name  user name  profile pictures  telephone number  email address  IDs  the names of your friends  your gender  social media networks  workplace  geographic location  application settings and statistics  status updates and user interactions. We and our third party service providers collect such information from you through third party social media websites or other third party websites or services only when you voluntarily provide it  either directly or indirectly as a result of such websites or services being authorised to submit such information to us.  Information that you provide in order to take advantage of particular   opportunities (e.g.    Such information may include your name  user name  profile pictures    telephone number  email address  IDs  the names of your friends  your gender    social media networks  workplace  geographic location  application settings   and statistics  status updates and user interactions.    We and our third party service providers collect such information   from you through third party social media websites or other third party websites   or services only when you voluntarily provide it  either directly or indirectly   as a result of such websites or services being authorised to submit such information   to us.    contests  sweepstakes  events  games or other applications) provided   through third party social media websites or other third party websites or services.    Information that you provide by downloading certain of our services and/or applications to your device. We and our third party service providers collect such information from you through your device  including your name  user name  profile pictures  telephone number  device identifiers  email address  contacts  GPS location  browser history  chat or messaging activity  application linked friends and respective IDs. Certain collection of information may be disabled or limited in specific applications in the user settings. Details of transactions you carry out through the Sites and of the fulfilment of your orders  including information that you provide to our third party service providers to enable them to process payments and provide customer support in connection with certain products and services. Details of your visits to the Sites (including  but not limited to  traffic data  location data  access logs and other communication data) and the resources that you access.  Details of your visits to the Sites (including  but not limited   to  traffic data  location data  access logs and other communication data) and   the resources that you access.    We and our third party service providers collect such information   from you through your device  including your name  user name  profile pictures    telephone number  device identifiers  email address  contacts  GPS location    browser history  chat or messaging activity  application linked friends and   respective IDs.    Use of cookies  IP addresses and other technologies A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers generated by the servers used to manage and operate the service Konami provided to you that is stored on your computer. The Sites may use cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Sites  in order to provide you with a good experience and to allow us to improve the Sites. If you register with us or complete our online forms  we will use cookies to remember your details during your current visit  and any future visits provided the cookie was not deleted in the interim.  If you register with us or complete our online forms  we will use   cookies to remember your details during your current visit  and any future visits   provided the cookie was not deleted in the interim.    The Sites may use cookies to distinguish you from other users of   the Sites  in order to provide you with a good experience and to allow us to   improve the Sites.    You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However  please note that deleting or deactivating our cookies may mean that you may not be able to access all or parts of the Sites.  However  please note that deleting or deactivating our cookies   may mean that you may not be able to access all or parts of the Sites.    You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser   that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.    We may use the following types of cookies. Strictly necessary cookies.  Strictly necessary cookies.    We may use the following types of cookies.    These are cookies that are required for the operation of tne Sites. They include  for example  cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Sites  use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. Analytical/performance cookies.  Analytical/performance cookies.    These are cookies that are required for the operation of tne Sites.    They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Sites when they are using them. This helps us to improve the way the Sites work  for example  by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies.  Functionality cookies.    They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and   to see how visitors move around the Sites when they are using them.    These are used to recognise you when you return to the Sites. This enables us to personalise our content for you  greet you by name and remember your preferences (e.g. your choice of language or region). Targeting cookies.  Targeting cookies.    These are used to recognise you when you return to the Sites.    These cookies record your visit to the Sites  the webpages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Sites and the advertising displayed on them more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.  These cookies record your visit to the Sites  the webpages you   have visited and the links you have followed.    We will use this information to make the Sites and the advertising   displayed on them more relevant to your interests.    We may also collect information about your computer or other devices that you use to access the Sites  including where available the IP address  unique identifier  operating system  browser type and network information. The services provided by us may use any tools  including but not limited to cookies  provided by any third parties for the purpose of collecting marketing information from and distributing advertisements to each users. If you do NOT want to be used such tools in relation to you  please click here.  The services provided by us may use any tools  including but not   limited to cookies  provided by any third parties for the purpose of collecting   marketing information from and distributing advertisements to each users.    We may also collect information about your computer or other devices   that you use to access the Sites  including where available the IP address    unique identifier  operating system  browser type and network information.    Please note that third parties (including  for example  advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies  over which we have no control. The social media websites or other third party websites or services that offer our applications may also use cookies and other tools to recognise users and provide products and services. This is beyond our control and is subject to these third parties' own terms and policies.  Please note that third parties (including  for example  advertising   networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services)   may also use cookies  over which we have no control.    The social media websites or other third party websites or services   that offer our applications may also use cookies and other tools to recognise   users and provide products and services.    This is beyond our control and is subject to these third parties'   own terms and policies.    'Uses of the information We may use the information held about you for a number of purposes  including: To create your profile and to enable you to participate in interactive features of the Sites  where you choose to do so. To provide you with information  products or services that you request us  or which we feel may interest you  where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes. To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us. To respond to your queries and to provide technical support. To notify you of game updates and changes to our service. To recognise you when you return to the Sites and to keep track of your preferences  so that we can customise the Sites to be relevant to your individual interests. For our internal marketing and demographic studies  so that we can constantly improve the products and services that we provide to you and better meet your needs.'  'We may also use the information collected about your computer or the devices that you use to access the Sites in a number of ways  including: To ensure that content from the Sites is presented effectively. To report aggregate information to our advertisers. To identify which location you are accessing the Sites from  so that we can limit access to certain applications with territorial restrictions. To carry out system administration.'  To identify which location you are accessing the Sites from  so   that we can limit access to certain applications with territorial restrictions.    'We may also use the information collected about your computer   or the devices that you use to access the Sites in a number of ways  including:'    Disclosure of your personal information Except as expressly provided in this Privacy Policy  Konami does not sell  rent or disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties.  Konami may share your personally identifiable information with its parent  subsidiary and/or affiliate companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy  including allowing them to send you information about their own products and services.  From time to time  Konami may share your personally identifiable information with its third-party service providers and/or licensors  to enable them to provide services in connection with the operation  maintenance and/or support of the Sites. Such services may include  without limitation  message board operation  email delivery  product registration  storage  website hosting  data analysis  payment processing  order fulfilment  infrastructure provision  IT support  customer support  credit card processing and website auditing.  We may disclose personally identifiable information and other information we obtain from you to third parties in the event of a reorganisation  merger  sale  joint venture  assignment  transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business  assets or stock.  In addition  we may use and disclose the information we maintain  including personally identifiable information  in order to comply with any legal obligation  or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions  or to protect the rights  property  or safety of Konami  our customers  or others.  Where we store your personal information Your personal information may be stored and processed in  and transferred to  any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. By using the Sites  you agree to the storage  processing and transfer of your information to countries outside your country of residence which may have different data protection rules (or none) compared with your country.  Security of your personal information Konami maintains appropriate safeguards that ensure the security  integrity and privacy of the personal information that we collect from our users. Personal information collected by Konami is stored on secure servers. We also have security measures in place to protect against the loss  misuse and alteration of the information under our control.  Nonetheless  please be aware that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will always make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of the Sites  we cannot warrant or guarantee that information you transmit using the Sites is secure  and any transmission is at your own risk. Where we have given you (or you have chosen) a password which enabled you to access certain parts of the Sites  you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  Konami's policy regarding children The Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. Konami does not permit children under 13 years of age to become registered users of the Sites  and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age through the Sites. By using any portion of the Sites  you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.  The social media websites or other third party websites or services that offer our applications may have different minimum age requirements. We recommend that you independently review the privacy policies and terms of use posted on such third party websites or services in order to ensure that you also meet their minimum age requirements.  Changes to our Privacy Policy Konami reserves the right  at any time  to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Any change will be announced with a clear reference on the Sites and/or here  and we will indicate at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.  Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of these changes. In the event that we change this Privacy Policy  your continued use of the Sites will signify your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.  Contacting us Users in certain jurisdictions are entitled to ask to access  amend or delete the personal information stored about themselves. These rights can be exercised in accordance with applicable law. To request to access  amend or delete your personal information  please contact us please click here.  Questions  comments and requests regarding our Privacy Policy or practices are welcomed and should be addressed to please click here.  Governing law and jurisdiction This Privacy Policy and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Japan.  The Tokyo District Courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy or its subject-matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).  \u25B2 Page Top \xA92017 Konami Digital Entertainment  