 Privacy policy of OGQ Backgrounds OGQ Corporation (Hereinafter referred to as 'Company') is handling the personal information of the OGQ Backgrounds service users as follows;  1. Personal information to be collected and method of collection  Personal information to be collected During linkage process to the membership  the company collects personal information such as names  sex  profile images  locations  email addresses  nationality and language settings of mobile devices for registration purposes  convenient customer service and other various services. Friends list also can be collected optionally. Contact information  shipping information  and/or payment information can be collected in the process of customer service and giveaway events. Automatically generated IP address  usage record  illegal usage record  device information can be collected.  Automatically generated IP address  usage record  illegal usage   record  device information can be collected.    Contact information  shipping information  and/or payment information   can be collected in the process of customer service and giveaway events.    During linkage process to the membership  the company collects   personal information such as names  sex  profile images  locations  email addresses    nationality and language settings of mobile devices for registration purposes    convenient customer service and other various services.    Method of collecting personal information Company will collect personal information to provide the services in the following methods; Collecting in the course of processing or using OGQ Backgrounds services Provided by the affiliates Collecting through the gathering tool of generated information  2. Purposes of collecting and using personal information Company will use the collected personal information for the following purposes. To help to facilitate the user access to the service To identify the user and prevent the unauthorized usage of service To create the statistical data regarding the use of service To survey and analyze for the improvement of services To raffle in the campaign and events and send the gifts To proceed with the personal certification and respond to the inquiry when the user inquires  To post the important notices etc. if necessary To deliver advertising information and events To make billing and claim the purchased good and the use of the paid services  3. Sharing and provision of personal information Company will not provide the user's personal information to third parties.  However  the exceptions are as follows; In case that the users agree previously In accordance with the laws and regulations  'Our third parties and contractors may have access to your information  but only to perform services including database management  service maintenance  analysis  marketing  data handling and sending email or texts for company. These third parties may access to your personal information only when we have your consent to do so and to perform the services listed above. Google Analytics: Data handling and analysing for the service run Crashlytics : Data handling and analysing for the service run'  'Google Analytics: Data handling and analysing for the service   run Crashlytics : Data handling and analysing for the service run'    Our third parties and contractors may have access to your information    but only to perform services including database management  service maintenance    analysis  marketing  data handling and sending email or texts for company.    These third parties may access to your personal information only   when we have your consent to do so and to perform the services listed above.    4. Period of possession and use of personal information Company shall in principle destroy the user's personal information immediately when the purpose of the collection and use of personal information is achieved. However  in the case that needs to be kept pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations  the personal information may be stored for a period of time.  5. Destruction of personal information Company will immediately destroy the user's personal information once the purpose of the collection and use of personal information is achieved. The personal information outputted in soft copies will be shredded  the personal information stored in the form of electronic file will be deleted by using the technical measures not to allow to replay the record.  6. Rights and how to exercise them by the user and the legal representative of the user  Personal information registered in order to use the service may be able to be viewed  modified and deleted whenever the user wants.  Personal information of a child under the age of 14 may be able to be viewed  modified and deleted by the legal representative on behalf of the child.  In the case that user requests to correct the errors of personal information  the concerned personal information will not be used or provided until the correction is completed. Also  in the case that such wrong information has been already provided to the third party  the correction result will be notified to the third party without delay  and the correction will be ensured to be made.  Company handles the un-subscribed or deleted personal information by the user or the user's legal representative in accordance the above 4. Period of possession and use of personal information and also processes not to be viewed and used for the other purposes.  7. Matters about the installation/operation and refusal of the automatic collection device of personal information  Purpose of the use of cookie In case of PC based service  for the purposes to provide the users to optimize services by identifying the user's history of usage and visiting websites  and the user's form of usage and scale  the cookies may be able to be used.  Purpose of the use of cookie In case of PC based service  for the   purposes to provide the users to optimize services by identifying the user's   history of usage and visiting websites  and the user's form of usage and scale    the cookies may be able to be used.    Installation/operation and refusal of cookie The user may reserve the right to choose the installation of cookie. The user may allow or refuse to the storage of cookie in the options provided by browser and OS. However  if the user refuses to the installation of cookie  there might be difficulties in using a part of services required of login.  However  if the user refuses to the installation of cookie  there   might be difficulties in using a part of services required of login.    Installation/operation and refusal of cookie The user may reserve   the right to choose the installation of cookie.    The user may allow or refuse to the storage of cookie in the options   provided by browser and OS.    8. Technical/administrative measures to protect personal information Company takes the following technical/administrative measures in handling the user's personal information to secure the safety from loss  theft  leakage  tampering or damage. Company stores and manages personal information in accordance with the relevant laws  regulations and internal policies. Company is to back up the data to confront with the damages of personal information from time to time  and to prevent form the leakage or damages of the user's personal information or data by using the latest version of anti-virus software  and to transfer the personal information safely in the network through the encrypted communications etc. Company also controls the unauthorized accesses from outside by using a firewall  and tries to be equipped with all kinds of technical devices to secure the security in other available systems. The staff in charge with personal information in the company is limited to the personnel in charge and through the any-time training to the personnel in charge  it is always emphasized for the compliance of the OGQ Private Policy. Through the exclusive department of this privacy policy in the company  the implementation and compliance checkups of this privacy policy is being conducted and  once a problem found  we are trying to correct it immediately.  9. Contact the privacy policy department If you have any questions/complaints/contents to be consulted regarding this Private Policy  you can consult with the exclusive department for the Private Policy.  10. Scope of application The third parties' personal information treatments by such the websites linked within OGQ Backgrounds services are not applicable by this Private Policy.  11. The revision of Private Policy In the case there's any addition  deletion  correction occurred in this private policy  the details of the revision will be posted in the company's homepage  'Notice' in the service or by an easy way to be recognized at least before 7 days of such case. However  in the event that there any change occurred in the important content of the user's right or responsibility  it will be noticed at least before 30 days of such event.  The document written in English is for user understanding  and the document written in Korean takes priority when there is mistranslation.  'Regulation date : Oct 1st 2015 Personal Information Protection manager Position: CEO Name: I.T Shin Contact: privacy@ogqcorp.com'  Contact information  shipping addresses  and/or payment information is not collected in the process of customer service and giveaway events.  Contact information  shipping addresses  and/or payment information   is not collected in the process of customer service and giveaway events.    Our third parties and contractors do not have access to your information. These third parties may not access your e-mail address.  Our third parties and contractors do not have access to your information.   These third parties may not access your e-mail address.    The company does not collect personal information such as names  sex  profile images  locations  email addresses  nationality and language settings of mobile devices for registration purposes.  The company does not collect personal information such as names    sex  profile images  locations  email addresses  nationality and language settings   of mobile devices for registration purposes.    