 Privacy Policy Private policy Valid since Nov. 12th  2012 Purpose of information collection We collect information to provide better services and user experience to all of our users. The information we collected is very basic  like progress of games  running time and active times.  User's consent You agree to the terms of this private policy  and you agree to handle personal information in accordance with the private polity.  Game records Game records will be stored in your device  which including levels  other information(e.g. highest score  rate) and your achievement in the game.  Log Data When you consume services we provided  some information will be collected and save to log in our server. The information is details the use of our contents  such as progress of the game  running time and active times.  External Storage Usage We use external storage to save our game data.  Everytime  the game was started  it will load those game data ONLY from external storage.  Links to other website Our service involves links to other website. If you decide to access it by clicking the banner ads or through the third party links to click on ads  you will be redirected to the third party website. We don't control the access to the third part websites. These websites may save their own cookies or other documents on your devices.  If you decide to access it by clicking the banner ads or through   the third party links to click on ads  you will be redirected to the third party   website.    Links to other website Our service involves links to other website.    These websites may save their own cookies or other documents on   your devices.    We don't control the access to the third part websites.    Contact Us If you have any problem with the private policy  please contact us at runnergameshk@gmail.com  Changes Our private policy may change at any time. We will publish any changes done to the private policy on this page.  Links to other website Our service involves links to other website. If you decide to access it by clicking the banner ads or through the third party links to click on ads  you will be redirected to the third party website. We don't control the access to the third part websites. These websites do not save their own cookies or other documents on your devices.  Links to other website Our service involves links to other website.   If you decide to access it by clicking the banner ads or through the third party   links to click on ads  you will be redirected to the third party website. We   don't control the access to the third part websites. These websites do not save   their own cookies or other documents on your devices.    