 Skip to main content Uber Rides on demand Install Showing you content for CHANGE LOCATION Ride Drive Cities Help Sign In  Become a driver Sign In Sign up to ride Become a driver Ride Drive Cities Enter your location Help Business Travel Deliver Food Helping Cities Safety Newsroom Careers  Select document Dansk Deutsch English Espa\xF1ol Espa\xF1ol (Espa\xF1\ a) Espa\xF1ol (M\xE9xico) Fran\xE7ais Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polszczyzna\ \ Portugu\xEAs (Brasil) Portugu\xEAs (Portugal) Rom\xE2n\u0103 Suomi Svenska Ti\u1EBF\ ng Vi\u1EC7t T\xFCrk\xE7e \u010Ce\u0161tina \u0395\u03BB\u03BB\u03B7\u03BD\u03B9\ \u03BA\u03AC \u0420\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043A\u0438\u0439 \u0431\u044A\u043B\u0433\ \u0430\u0440\u0441\u043A\u0438 \u05E2\u05D1\u05E8\u05D9\u05EA \u0627\u0644\u0639\ \u0631\u0628\u064A\u0629 \u65E5\u672C\u8A9E \u7B80\u4F53\u6C49\u8BED \u7E41\u4F53\ \u4E2D\u6587 (\u53F0\u7063) \u7E41\u4F53\u4E2D\u6587 (\u9999\u6E2F) \uD55C\uAD6D\ \uC5B4 Legal USER PRIVACY STATEMENT Effective Date: July 15th 2015 Uber collects\ \ information about you when you use our mobile applications  websites  and other\ \ online products and services (collectively  the \Services\) and through other\ \ interactions and communications you have with us. If you reside in the United\ \ States  the Services are provided by Uber USA  LLC and its U.S. affiliates (collectively\ \ \Uber U.S.\)  and this Privacy Statement applies to information collected\ \ and used by Uber U.S. If you reside outside of the United States  the Services\ \ are provided by Uber B.V.  and this Privacy Statement applies to information\ \ collected and used by Uber B.V. (Uber U.S. and Uber B.V. are referred to herein\ \ collectively as \Uber\ or \we\).  Scope and Application This Privacy Statement (Statement) applies to persons anywhere in the world who use our apps or Services to request transportation  delivery  or other on-demand services (Users). This Statement does not apply to information we collect from or about drivers  couriers  partner transportation companies  or any other persons who use the Uber platform under license (collectively Drivers). If you interact with the Services as both a User and a Driver  the respective privacy statements apply to your different interactions.  'Collection of Information Information You Provide to Us We collect information you provide directly to us  such as when you create or modify your account  request on-demand services  contact customer support  or otherwise communicate with us. This information may include: name  email  phone number  postal address  profile picture  payment method  items requested (for delivery services)  delivery notes  and other information you choose to provide.'  'This information may include: name  email  phone number  postal   address  profile picture  payment method  items requested (for delivery services)    delivery notes  and other information you choose to provide.'    We collect information you provide directly to us  such as when   you create or modify your account  request on-demand services  contact customer   support  or otherwise communicate with us.    'Information We Collect Through Your Use of Our Services When you use our Services  we collect information about you in the following general categories: Location Information: When you use the Services for transportation or delivery  we collect precise location data about the trip from the Uber app used by the Driver. If you permit the Uber app to access location services through the permission system used by your mobile operating system (platform)  we may also collect the precise location of your device when the app is running in the foreground or background. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.'  If you permit the Uber app to access location services through   the permission system used by your mobile operating system (platform)  we   may also collect the precise location of your device when the app is running   in the foreground or background.    We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.    When you use the Services for transportation or delivery  we collect   precise location data about the trip from the Uber app used by the Driver.    'Contacts Information: If you permit the Uber app to access the address book on your device through the permission system used by your mobile platform  we may access and store names and contact information from your address book to facilitate social interactions through our Services and for other purposes described in this Statement or at the time of consent or collection.'  If you permit the Uber app to access the address book on your device   through the permission system used by your mobile platform  we may access and   store names and contact information from your address book to facilitate social   interactions through our Services and for other purposes described in this Statement   or at the time of consent or collection.    'Transaction Information: We collect transaction details related to your use of our Services  including the type of service requested  date and time the service was provided  amount charged  distance traveled  and other related transaction details. Additionally  if someone uses your promo code  we may associate your name with that person.'  'Usage and Preference Information: We collect information about how you and site visitors interact with our Services  preferences expressed  and settings chosen. In some cases we do this through the use of cookies  pixel tags  and similar technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers. To learn more about these technologies  please see our Cookie Statement.'  In some cases we do this through the use of cookies  pixel tags    and similar technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers.    To learn more about these technologies  please see our Cookie Statement.    'Usage and Preference Information: We collect information about   how you and site visitors interact with our Services  preferences expressed    and settings chosen.'    'Device Information: We may collect information about your mobile device  including  for example  the hardware model  operating system and version  software and file names and verions  preferred language  unique device identifier  advertising identifiers  serial number  device motion information  and mobile network information.'  We may collect information about your mobile device  including    for example  the hardware model  operating system and version  software and   file names and versions  preferred language  unique device identifier  advertising   identifiers  serial number  device motion information  and mobile network information.    'Call and SMS Data : Our Services facilitate communications between Users and Drivers. In connection with facilitating this service  we receive call data  including the date and time of the call or SMS message  the parties'' phone numbers  and the content of the SMS message.'  In connection with facilitating this service  we receive call data    including the date and time of the call or SMS message  the parties' phone numbers    and the content of the SMS message.    Our Services facilitate communications between Users and Drivers.    'Log Information: When you interact with the Services  we collect server logs  which may include information like device IP address  access dates and times  app features or pages viewed  app crashes and other system activity  type of browser  and the third-party site or service you were using before interacting with our Services.'  When you interact with the Services  we collect server logs  which   may include information like device IP address     Important Information About Platform Permissions Most mobile platforms (iOS  Android  etc.) have defined certain types of device data that apps cannot access without your consent. And these platforms have different permission systems for obtaining your consent. The iOS platform will alert you the first time the Uber app wants permission to access certain types of data and will let you consent (or not consent) to that request. Android devices will notify you of the permissions that the Uber app seeks before you first use the app  and your use of the app constitutes your consent. To learn about the platform-level permissions that the app seeks  please visit our new iOS Permissions page and Android Permissions page. Sometimes these permissions require more explanation than the platforms themselves provide  and the permissions we request will change over time  so we've created these pages to serve as authoritative and up-to-date resources for our users.  'Information We Collect From Other Sources We may also receive information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example: If you choose to link  create  or log in to your Uber account with a payment provider (e.g.  Google Wallet) or social media service (e.g.  Facebook)  or if you engage with a separate app or website that uses our API (or whose API we use)  we may receive information about you or your connections from that site or app.'  If you choose to link  create  or log in to your Uber account with   a payment provider (e.g.  Google Wallet) or social media service (e.g.  Facebook)    or if you engage with a separate app or website that uses our API (or whose   API we use)  we may receive information about you or your connections from that   site or app.    If your employer uses one of our enterprise solutions  such as Uber for Business  we may receive information about you from your employer.  When you request on demand services  our Drivers may provide us with a User rating after providing services to you.  If you also interact with our Services in another capacity  for instance as a Driver or user of other apps we provide  we may combine or associate that information with information we have collected from you in your capacity as a User or rider.  'Use of Information We may use the information we collect about you to: Provide  maintain  and improve our Services  including  for example  to facilitate payments  send receipts  provide products and services you request (and send related information)  develop new features  provide customer support to Users and Drivers  develop safety features  authenticate users  and send product updates and administrative messages;'  Perform internal operations  including  for example  to prevent fraud and abuse of our Services; to troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems; to conduct data analysis  testing  and research; and to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends;  Send or facilitate communications (i) between you and a Driver  such as estimated times of arrival (ETAs)  or (ii) between you and a contact of yours at your direction in connection with your use of certain features  such as referrals  invites  split fare requests  or ETA sharing;  Send you communications we think will be of interest to you  including information about products  services  promotions  news  and events of Uber and other companies  where permissible and according to local applicable laws; and to process contest  sweepstake  or other promotion entries and fulfill any related awards;  Personalize and improve the Services  including to provide or recommend features  content  social connections  referrals  and advertisements.  We may transfer the information described in this Statement to  and process and store it in  the United States and other countries  some of which may have less protective data protection laws than the region in which you reside. Where this is the case  we will take appropriate measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this Statement.  'Sharing of Information We may share the information we collect about you as described in this Statement or as described at the time of collection or sharing  including as follows: Through Our Services We may share your information: With Drivers to enable them to provide the Services you request. For example  we share your name  photo (if you provide one)  average User rating given by Drivers  and pickup and/or drop-off locations with Drivers;'  With other riders if you use a ride-sharing service like UberPOOL; and with other people  as directed by you  such as when you want to share your estimated time of arrival or split a fare with a friend;  With third parties to provide you a service you requested through a partnership or promotional offering made by a third party or us;  With the general public if you submit content in a public forum  such as blog comments  social media posts  or other features of our Services that are viewable by the general public;  With third parties with whom you choose to let us share information  for example other apps or websites that integrate with our API or Services  or those with an API or Service with which we integrate; and  With your employer (or similar entity) and any necessary third parties engaged by us or your employer (e.g.  an expense management service provider)  if you participate in any of our enterprise solutions such as Uber for Business.  'Other Important Sharing We may share your information: With Uber subsidiaries and affiliated entities that provide services or conduct data processing on our behalf  or for data centralization and / or logistics purposes;'  With vendors  consultants  marketing partners  and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;  In response to a request for information by a competent authority if we believe disclosure is in accordance with  or is otherwise required by  any applicable law  regulation  or legal process;  With law enforcement officials  government authorities  or other third parties if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our User agreements  Terms of Service  or policies  or to protect the rights  property  or safety of Uber or others;  In connection with  or during negotiations of  any merger  sale of company assets  consolidation or restructuring  financing  or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company;  If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing; and  In an aggregated and/or anonymized form which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.  Social Sharing Features The Services may integrate with social sharing features and other related tools which let you share actions you take on our Services with other apps  sites  or media  and vice versa. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public  depending on the settings you establish with the social sharing service. Please refer to the privacy policies of those social sharing services for more information about how they handle the data you provide to or share through them.  Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others We may allow others to provide audience measurement and analytics services for us  to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet  and to track and report on the performance of those advertisements. These entities may use cookies  web beacons  SDKs  and other technologies to identify your device when you visit our site and use our Services  as well as when you visit other online sites and services. For more information about these technologies and service providers  please refer to our Cookie Statement.  These entities may use cookies  web beacons  SDKs  and other technologies   to identify your device when you visit our site and use our Services  as well   as when you visit other online sites and services.    We may allow others to provide audience measurement and analytics   services for us  to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet    and to track and report on the performance of those advertisements.    Your Choices Account Information You may correct your account information at any time by logging into your online or in-app account. If you wish to cancel your account  please email us at support@uber.com. Please note that in some cases we may retain certain information about you as required by law  or for legitimate business purposes to the extent permitted by law. For instance  if you have a standing credit or debt on your account  or if we believe you have committed fraud or violated our Terms  we may seek to resolve the issue before deleting your information.  Access Rights Uber will comply with individual's requests regarding access  correction  and/or deletion of the personal data it stores in accordance with applicable law.  Location Information We request permission for our app's collection of precise location from your device per the permission system used by your mobile operating system. If you initially permit the collection of this information  you can later disable it by changing the location settings on your mobile device. However  this will limit your ability to use certain features of our Services. Additionally  disabling our app's collection of precise location from your device will not limit our ability to collect your trip location information from a Driver's device nor our ability to derive approximate location from your IP address.  Additionally  disabling our app's collection of precise location   from your device will not limit our ability to collect your trip location information   from a Driver's device nor our ability to derive approximate location from your   IP address.    However  this will limit your ability to use certain features of   our Services.    If you initially permit the collection of this information  you   can later disable it by changing the location settings on your mobile device.    We request permission for our app's collection of precise location   from your device per the permission system used by your mobile operating system.    Contact Information We may also seek permission for our app's collection and syncing of contact information from your device per the permission system used by your mobile operating system. If you initially permit the collection of this information  iOS users can later disable it by changing the contacts settings on your mobile device. The Android platform does not provide such a setting.  We may also seek permission for our app's collection and syncing   of contact information from your device per the permission system used by your   mobile operating system.    Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from us by following the instructions in those messages. If you opt out  we may still send you non-promotional communications  such as those about your account  about Services you have requested  or our ongoing business relations.  Your California Privacy Rights California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Uber does not share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes unless you provide us with consent to do so.  Cookies and Advertising Please refer to our Cookie Statement for more information about your choices around cookies and related technologies.  Cookies and Advertising Please refer to our Cookie Statement for   more information about your choices around cookies and related technologies.    Changes to the Statement We may change this Statement from time to time. If we make significant changes in the way we treat your personal information  or to the Statement  we will provide you notice through the Services or by some other means  such as email. Your continued use of the Services after such notice constitutes your consent to the changes. We encourage you to periodically review the Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices.  'Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement  please contact us at privacy@uber.com  or write us at Uber Technologies  Inc.  Attn: Legal 1455 Market Street  Suite 400  San Francisco  CA 94103 (if you reside in the U.S.)  or at Uber B.V.  Attn: Legal  Vijzelstraat 68-78  1017 HL Amsterdam  Netherlands (if you do not reside in the U.S.). Terms Privacy Users Drivers (Non-US) Drivers (US) Cookies Candidate Privacy Uber for Business Commercial Community Guidelines Data Requests Deactivation Policy Gift Cards Intellectual Property Policies Other'  Uber is in 0 cities worldwide City Search Go to Uber.com Sign up to ride Become a driver Enter your location English Help Help Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Ride Drive Cities Fare Estimate Deliver Food Business Travel How it Works Airports Countries Safety Careers Helping Cities Our Story Newsroom Media Uber API Gift Cards Uber vs Driving Jobs  Top Cities San FranciscoLondonLos AngelesWashington D.C.Mexico CityS\xE3\ o Paulo Top Countries USAFranceIndiaSpainMexicoRussia \xA9 2017 Uber Technologies\ \ Inc. Privacy Accessibility Terms  Our app won't be engaging in the collection of precise location from your device.  Our app won't be engaging in the collection of precise location   from your device.    Our Services facilitate communications between Users and Drivers. In connection with facilitating this service  we do not receive call data  such as the date and time of the call or SMS message  the parties' phone numbers  and the content of the SMS message.  Our Services facilitate communications between Users and Drivers.   In connection with facilitating this service  we do not receive call data  such   as the date and time of the call or SMS message  the parties' phone numbers    and the content of the SMS message.    We do not collect your name  email  phone number  postal address  profile picture  payment method  items requested (for delivery services)  delivery notes  and any other information.  We do not collect your name  email  phone number  postal address    profile picture  payment method  items requested (for delivery services)  delivery   notes  and any other information.    We may allow others to provide audience measurement and analytics services for us  to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet  and to track and report on the performance of those advertisements. However  these entities do not use cookies  web beacons  SDKs  or other technologies to identify your device when you visit our site and use our services.  We may allow others to provide audience measurement and analytics   services for us  to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet    and to track and report on the performance of those advertisements. However    these entities do not use cookies  web beacons  SDKs  or other technologies   to identify your device when you visit our site and use our services.    We do not derive your approximate location from your IP address.  We do not derive your approximate location from your IP address.    We are not collecting information about your mobile device  including  for example  the hardware model  operating system and version  software and file names and versions  preferred language  unique device identifier  advertising identifiers  serial number  device motion information  and mobile network information.  We are not collecting information about your mobile device  including    for example  the hardware model  operating system and version  software and   file names and versions  preferred language  unique device identifier  advertising   identifiers  serial number  device motion information  and mobile network information.    When you use the Services for transportation or delivery  we do not collect precise location data. We also do not collect the precise location of your device when the app is running in the foreground or background.  When you use the Services for transportation or delivery  we do   not collect precise location data. We also do not collect the precise location   of your device when the app is running in the foreground or background.    It is not possible to link  create  or log in to your Uber account with a payment provider (e.g.  Google Wallet) or social media service (e.g.  Facebook).  It is not possible to link  create  or log in to your Uber account   with a payment provider (e.g.  Google Wallet) or social media service (e.g.    Facebook).    When you interact with the Services  we do not collect device IP addresses.  When you interact with the Services  we do not collect device IP   addresses.    We do not seek permission for our app's collection and syncing of contact information from your device.  We do not seek permission for our app's collection and syncing   of contact information from your device.    