 Beauty Circle Privacy Policy We at Perfect Mobile Corp. (hereinafter referred to as the 'Company') will handle all user information with respect to the Company's Beauty Circle service and all its related services (hereinafter referred to collectively as the 'Service') in accordance with the following.  'Collected Information The Company shall collect following user information: User Information 1) the user''s mobile phone number and email address/ a password for Beauty Circle Service;'  'The Company shall collect following user information:'    the user's mobile phone number and email address/ a password for   Beauty Circle Service;    2) the phone-book stored on the device; 3) profile information (Service display names  gender  body profile information such as the skin  hair  nails and eye attributes  profile photos  messages etc.)  full name  date of birth  and etc.;  )  full name  date of birth  and etc.    profile information (Service display names  gender  body profile   information such as the skin  hair  nails and eye attributes  profile photos    messages etc.    the phone-book stored on the device;    4) users' credit card information upon first purchase; 5) cookies; 6) user's IP address; 7) device information (OS type  serial number  mobile advertising ID  hardware information etc.) browser type  and browser language;  browser type  and browser language;    cookies;    device information (OS type  serial number  mobile advertising   ID  hardware information etc.)    user's IP address;    8) user's Facebook and Weibo account name for log-in.  9) anonymous location data  including but not limited to user's geo-location and WiFi network to which a user's device is connected or in-range where applicable.  anonymous location data  including but not limited to user's geo-location   and WiFi network to which a user's device is connected or in-range where applicable.    'Purpose of User Information The collected user Information shall be used for any of the following purposes: 1) to find people who the user knows  or who know the user;'  2) to provide our services to you; 3) for customer service  security  archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of our services;  4) to prevent fraudulent use of the Services by any users;  5) to provide you with better advertising and direct marketing experience;  6) to develop our new services and improve our existing services.  7) for aggregated customer analytics and market research purposes.  Disclose the Information The Company will NOT disclose user information to any third parties without the user`s consent  unless it is disclosed to a third party contractor engaged by the Company as set forth below or is otherwise required by laws and regulations of certain jurisdiction the Company is doing business.  Third Party Contractor The Company may engage a third party contractor to handle the personal information collected from the users to achieve certain purpose concerning the use of the Service  if Company  at its discretion  believe it to be necessary. The Company will reasonably evaluate the eligibility and capability of such third party contractor  execute a confidentiality agreement with it  and make it set up a system to manage the collected information.  Shared Use of Information The Company may share the user's personal information with a business partner  provided that the Company shall inform the user of the purpose of information sharing  the name of the business partner  and the information to be shared such a business partner.  Location information The company may share user's anonymous location data with other third parties for interest-based advertising  aggregated customer analytics and market research purposes.  Location information The company may share user's anonymous location   data with other third parties for interest-based advertising  aggregated customer   analytics and market research purposes.    Measurement of Advertising Effectiveness To measure the effectiveness of the advertisement  the Company may install third party modules in the smart phone versions of the Services.  Children's Privacy No Service provided by the Company is to be used by minors. Consequently  the company will not knowingly collect user information from minors. If  however  the Company  via notice or learn by itself  that it has collected any user information from minors  the Company will deactivate that user account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such user information from our records.  Opt-out right You may limit the disclosure of certain Non-Personal Information by your mobile Device to the Company and our business partners by adjusting the advertising settings on your mobile Device.  Modifications to this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically. Notices will be sent to users to advise the changes.  Inquiries If an user has any questions about this Privacy Statement or any complaints or comments on how the Company handle the user information related to the Service  please write to BeautyCircle_AppSupport@PerfectCorp.com.  This Privacy Policy has been created by Perfect Mobile Corp. February 6th 2015.  