 Play 365 Privacy Policy The terms in this Privacy Policy govern the manner in which Play 365 collects and uses any information you (Users) provide in connection with any Play 365 game or Application (Hereinafter  Services). This Privacy Policy applies to all Services offered by Play 365. By using our Services  Users agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Play 365 may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time; therefore  Users are encouraged to consult the Privacy Policy regularly.  Personal identification information When you install our games and apps  we may collect and record information to enhance the experience and benefits of using our Services. We will collect personal public information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through our Services. Users can always refuse to supply personal information. In said case  Users should avoid using social network features such as Sharing and Friend invite requests.  Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services. Said information includes -but is not limited to- device type  brand and model  Android OS version  unique device identifiers  location and country.  Said information includes -but is not limited to- device type    brand and model  Android OS version  unique device identifiers  location and   country.    We may collect non-personal identification information about Users   whenever they interact with our Services.    'Personal Information Personal information collected in accordance with our Services may vary depending on the activity and may include: social networking basic profile information (Apps have a basic connection to a user''s Facebook account to ask for permission to post on the user''s behalf or to read other fields from the user''s timeline or their friends'' timelines)  Request read permissions (to fill the stream with photos  the user must grant the app two read permissions that let the app read the user''s photos and their friends'' photos)  Request publish permissions (the user must grant the app a publish permission to share photos).'  Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices By accessing the Services through a social network  or mobile device  Users are authorizing Play 365 to collect  store  and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that they agreed the social network  mobile device platform could provide to Play 365 through the social network/mobile device. Their agreement takes place when they connect with the third party network  platform or service via the Services  and/or when you connect with the Services  or accept or allow (or similar terms) Services to access your information through a social network  OR mobile device or other third party platform or service. Play 365 may also collect or receive information about you from other Services Users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by Play 365 and used primarily to help Users and their friends connect.  By accessing the Services through a social network  or mobile device    Users are authorizing Play 365 to collect  store  and use in accordance with   this Privacy Policy any and all information that they agreed the social network    mobile device platform could provide to Play 365 through the social network/mobile   device.    Play 365 may also collect or receive information about you from   other Services Users who choose to upload their email contacts.    'Information Usage Play 365 may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes: To improve customer service Information Users provide helps us respond to comments  support needs  and customer service requests more efficiently.'  To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Services. In addition  the personal information Users provide will allow Play 365 to send them messages regarding  among other things  new products  features  enhancements  special offers  upgrade opportunities  contests and other events of their interest. Users may also later opt out of these communications by sending us an email or simply just by uninstalling our Services.  'Permissions that may use sensitive information The following is a detailed list of permissions -and the way in which we implement them- that we use and that may use sensitive information: WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE and READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE We use these permissions in some games or apps to save captured images of the game on the SD and read them to provide sharing options to the user (as in iCocktail Drinks). We also may use the read permission in some games to improve users experience and let them import images from their devices for change the characters skins (as in Head Football World Cup).'  Sharing your personal information We do not sell  trade  or rent Users personal identification information to others. The sole exception to this is personal information that is required by law enforcement authorities or similar organizations in case of a criminal investigation  prevention of fraud or criminal activities  infringement of intellectual property rights  or other illegal activities that may expose users or Play 365 to legal liability.  Social The Service can offer several integrations with sharing services and other tools (like Google +1 button  Facebook Like button  among others)  that can be used to share information and actions Users make while interacting with our Service. Also we may integrate in our Games competitive services for sharing Scores and Achievement between players  like Google Play Games Services or others. The use of the previous services and tools is a free choice of each user. It's not necessary to use our Services. The social features that each User agreed to use enables the sharing of information with other contacts or the general public  depending on the configuration options the entity provides. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features  please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.  Analytics  Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies We may allow other third parties companies to serve advertisements in our Services  provide analytics services or other services for the Users experience. These companies may use cookies  web beacons  Users account information (that Users set up with these companies) and other techniques to collect information about you on our Services  other online services  like IP addresses  identifiers of your mobile device  conversion information  browsers usage and pages you have visited. This information may be used to deliver advertising and content according the Users interests  better understand of the Services usage from the Users and analyzing and tracking data. These third party companies may also share this information with their customers and clients. This Privacy Policy does not apply to  and we are not responsible for  third-party cookies  web beacons  or other tracking technologies.  These companies may use cookies  web beacons  Users account information   (that Users set up with these companies) and other techniques to collect information   about you on our Services  other online services  like IP addresses  identifiers   of your mobile device  conversion information  browsers usage and pages you   have visited.    We may allow other third parties companies to serve advertisements   in our Services  provide analytics services or other services for the Users   experience.    Acceptance of the terms By using Play 365 games and Apps  you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy  please do not use our games and Apps. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.  'Contacting us For any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other issue please contact Play 365 at: TameikaHastin@gmail.com This document was last updated on January 7  2015 Version 1.0.1'  